HAM Subject: aep transition items  attached is a brief memo outline some of the transtion issues with hpl to aep  this is the first draft .  the itilized items currently require some more action .  please add any items and forward back to me . i will update  thanks  bob
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ;  start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121811 . txt
HAM Subject: re : follow up on houston opportunity  anjam ,  i have another meeting . please , talk to grant .  i shall catch him in the morning to review  where we stand .  vince  enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe  from : anjam ahmad 08 / 10 / 2000 08 : 41 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : follow up on houston opportunity  hi vince & grant ,  i was wondering if you would have some time to discuss the opportunity  tomorrow morning ( friday ) ? i am free from 10 am to 12 pm houston time .  thanks ,  anjam  x 35383
HAM Subject: the enron building in houston is closed for today , tuesday ,  september 11 , 2001 .  the enron building in houston is closed for today , tuesday , september 11 , 2001 .  to ensure that critical businesses can be monitored remotely , we encourage enron staff to dial in only in cases of emergency , and for critical business operations . this will allow us to keep network access available to those personel .  to check email , please use outlook web access .
HAM Subject: technical analysis  more fallout  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 03 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : lee ferrell / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 26 pm  to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : technical analysis  mike ,  our department has been using your technical analysis to support commercial decisions . you stated that these services would be discontinued . we opted to use your technical analysis in lieu of outside services . please continue to provide technical analysis data with regard to natural gas ( candlestick and elliot wave ) .  lee ferrell  director , risk management and reporting  ets
HAM Subject: enron / hpl actuals for november 10 - 12 , 2000  november 10 , 2000  teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 66 . 667 / hpl iferc  november 11 , 2000  teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 104 . 583 / hpl iferc  november 12 , 2000  teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 110 . 000 / hpl iferc
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ;  start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012714 . txt
HAM Subject: update : bloomberg story  fyi : attached is the link to the updated version of the bloomberg article on the eott trader . we were successful in getting eott in the headline , however they did not remove enron .  
HAM Subject: restart plan and employee briefing documents - drafts  louise  david has asked me to prepare the following  1 ) restart plan - as per your request  .  2 ) employee briefing - pre deal execution communication - knowing as much as we know now and speculating to a certain extent on how some of the benefits / terms etc will be treated . this needs work on the business overview and business outlook but i see this as a " pre offer " sales pitch to employees to be followed up with another one the purchaser is known and then with the actual offer itself  both are drafts  neil
HAM Subject: re :  craig -  thanks for the feedback .  i ' ve received similar reports from other research customers on various  non - recurring and on - going projects elena has been able to help out on .  the most recent member of a long line of rice mba candidates who have " made a  difference " in our research efforts , elena will be staying with us throughout  this next ( her final ) year .  she ' ll be working the morning shift .  please let us know if she , or any other member of our group can assist you in  any way .  - mike
HAM Subject: re : real options e & p course  larry ,  i sent the information to mark ruane , 713 853 3569 .  he is the best customer at enron for real options applications .  vince  larry chorn on 01 / 25 / 2000 12 : 30 : 17 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : real options e & p course  vince :  as you requested , we mailed you a brochure about our upcoming course  ( 2 / 22 - 4 / 4 ) in houston .  we are now following up with that mailing to identify remaining  attendees for the session . i wanted to make sure that we did not  overlook anyone at enron , so i am dropping you this email to see if you  have anyone there in mind as an attendee .  best regards ,  larry chorn  972 . 814 . 5342  www . realoptions - software . com
HAM Subject: start date : 2 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ;  start date : 2 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020314 . txt
HAM Subject: hpl nom for may 18 , 2001  ( see attached file : hplno 518 . xls )  - hplno 518 . xls
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ;  start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012920 . txt
HAM Subject: re : info help .  hi niclas ,  i am in the middle of preparing some presentations right now , so it might be  more productive to speak by phone ( 503 - 464 - 8430 ) . please leave your number ,  if you get my voicemail .  to get you started , you might see if you can get access to the ferc gads  database of plant forced and planned availability . it seems others in  research have asked about this , so you may already have this at your  disposal . the eia has a good electronic database of plant for and por  available for free ( http : / / www . nerc . com / ~ esd / ) . i know alexios in re / ees has  this . if you wanted to do it the hard way , you can also ask jaison to access  the epa ' s cems data he has summarized on a machine there in research . it  contains hourly plant operation for every unit over about 50 mw , which you  could aggregate up .  the wscc 10 - year forecast of new plant construction and loads is a good place  to start for plant construction information , but suffers from some notorious  " self - reporting " error . it is available in pdf form from the web site  http : / / www . wscc . com / . other sources that should be more near - term , but more  accurate are the cec inventory of plants ( http : / / www . energy . ca . gov / ) and the  bpa whitebook ( http : / / www . transmission . bpa . gov ) .  as far as basic economic data is concerned , you can either rely on the  reported utility forecasts for loads , or you can go to fundamental data . the  ultimate source of the census data collected by the us dept of commerce ,  which you can buy on cdrom for cheap . it would have this kind of information  by sic code , by zip code . you may also have access to one of the economic  forecasting businesses ( wharton ' s wefa , dri , etc . ) they have this in highly  digested and complete form .  btw , tim heizenrader , who runs fundamental analysis and research on the west  desk , is a sharp cookie and should have all this under control . is your  client aware of this resource ?  give me a buzz and we can talk more ,  michael  > > > niclas egmar / hou / ees @ enron 08 / 14 / 00 12 : 49 pm > > >  michael ,  i ' m an analyst in the research group . i would like your help with finding  some information specific for the west coast . a new analyst on the west power  desk needs information on planned outages and planned new generation . he is  studying the long - term fundamentals of electricity volatility on the west  coastso so he also needs info on housing starts , computer sales or industrial  production figures for computer manufacturing , growth of start - up companies ,  and population stats .  any help in finding the needed info would be greatly appreciated . contact me  or daniel kang ( new analyst ) .  niclas  - text . htm
HAM Subject: organizational announcement  please see attached memo :
HAM Subject: start date : 2 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ;  start date : 2 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020504 . txt  ! ! ! general sql error .  couldn ' t update ; currently locked by user ' admin ' on machine ' ecthou - bps 3 ' .  table  - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - -  * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule .  details :  trans _ type : final  sc _ id : ectstnw  mkt _ type : 2  trans _ date : 2 / 5 / 02  tie _ point : malin _ 5 _ rndmtn  interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 3000  engy _ type : firm
HAM Subject: re : enron site / mepr 2  fyi ,  my message to risk .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 28 / 2000  05 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  06 / 05 / 2000 08 : 04 am  to : conrad gardner @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , daniel  diamond / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : enron site / mepr 2  conrad ,  thanks for your message .  there are 3 papers enron contributed to the last mepr .  there is also another paper on electricity i contributed to the " red book " on  us  power markets , as well as a paper or credit risk management , and a paper  on weather derivatives . all these papers included in other risk books were  written by enron  employees .  we would like them included as well , if technically possible .  i think that offering other energy related books through our site , in  addition to mepr 2 ,  is fine , but i would leave the decision to dan diamond , who is responsible  for the project .  vince  conrad gardner on 06 / 05 / 2000 07 : 08 : 36 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : enron site / mepr 2  > date : mon , 05 jun 2000 13 : 02 : 02  > to : vince kaminski  > from : conrad gardner  >  > dear vince  >  > thanks for the call and email on friday . i will contact masuyuki and follow  it from there .  >  > regarding the enron site , i think it is absolutely fine to put up the two  enron chapters ( i ' ll provide pdfs ) , and prevent any customer leakages from  your site by the use of " submit " buttons . as mentioned , i ' ll offer a 20 %  discount on mepr 2 to customers but would you be interested in some of other  energy titles ? - please let me know .  >  > many thanks  >  > conrad gardner  >  head of book publishing  risk books  haymarket house  28 - 29 haymarket  london  swly 4 rx  direct tel : + 44 ( 020 ) 7 484 9750  main tel : + 44 ( 020 ) 7 484 9700  fax : + 44 ( 020 ) 7 484 9758  e - mail : conrad @ risk . co . uk  www . riskpublications . com
HAM Subject: idea : please take a look  dear mr . kaminski ,  thank you for calling . briefly , about ideaglobal . com : we ' ve been providing  unbiased market analysis since 1989 , and today our customers include the  fed , the us treasury , the imf , 25 foreign central banks , and over 1 , 700  dealing rooms worldwide . we emphasize sales and trading strategies rather  than just provide market news .  attached , please find 2 samples of our daily research : today ' s issue of our  morning faxes financial markets today and fixed income today . we also have  intraday market coverage on bloomberg : idea > go , reuters , and  bridge / telerate .  if the info looks interesting , we would be glad to arrange a 30 - day free  trial for you ? for your reference , please see our price list . i look  forward to your reply .  best regards ,  vadim pokhlebkin  account manager  vpokhlebkin @ ideaglobal . com  tel . + 1 212 571 4332  fax + 1 212 571 4334  ideaglobal . com  140 broadway , 21 st floor  new york , ny 10005 , usa  any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender ,  except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of  ideaglobal . com . this email , its content and any files transmitted with it  are intended solely for the addressee ( s ) and may be legally privileged  and / or confidential . access by any other party is unauthorized without the  express written permission of the sender . if you have received this email in  error you may not copy or use the contents , attachments or information in  any way . please destroy it and contact the sender via the ideaglobal . com  switchboard in one of the following three offices : new york + 1 212 571 4332 ;  london + 44 171 430 2888 ; singapore + 65 332 0700  - fmto 316 a . pdf  - fito 316 a . pdf  - onesheet . doc
HAM Subject: oracle nt client software upgrade - manual upgrade steps  this weekend , the enron global information technologies department will be  distributing a new version of the oracle 8 i client . due to the mobile  environment of our user base , not all machines will receive the automatic  update . if you are a user of an oracle based application and your machine is  not available to the network this weekend , you can manually upgrade your  machine via the following steps :  1 ) click on start - programs - utilities  2 ) then click on " install oracle 8 i client " .  if you are a user of microsoft excel spreadsheets or microsoft access  databases that retrieve information from our oracle databases , you can  manually convert your oracle odbc connections to the proper drivers via the  following steps :  1 ) click on start - programs - utilities  2 ) then click on " update odbc data source names to oracle 8 i " .  if you do not see these icons , there is another icon under start - programs -  utilities called " update start menu " that will re - populate your start menu .  thank you for your co - operation -  scott williamson  director , database infrastructure  enron global technology
HAM Subject: enron direct canada corp . - lc ' s expiring 12 / 31 / 2001  sent on behalf of derek flaman :  the following is a response to bill ' s question : " when does the tariff require the lc to be renewed ? do we have some time to wait until mid - december ? "  also attached to this email is lori poffenroth ' s november 9 memo which sets forth lori ' s calculations based on wsp / ppa ' s formulas set forth in their tariffs for initial amounts , revised amounts , recommended october 31 amounts , and estimated december 31 amounts .  all of the wsp ' s and the ppa ' s prudential requirements allow the wsp ' s and the ppa to reevaluate edcc ' s credit limit and / or request additional security from time to time . while the following sets out in more detail the manner in which each wsp and the ppa can do this , all of the prudential requirements are the same in the following two respects : ( 1 ) if at any time edcc ' s financial obligations to the wsp / ppa ( the " financial obligations " ) exceed the existing credit limit ( or a certain percentage thereof ) , the wsp / ppa has the right to request additional security ( the " additional security " ) ; and ( 2 ) if edcc fails to post the additional security within the requisite time period , the wsp / ppa reserves the right to suspend service to edcc .  note that , as of today , no wsp / ppa has requested additional security .  however , as soon as possible , the following needs to occur in those instances where the october 31 amount exceeds the existing amount : ( 1 ) we should post the additional security now ; or ( 2 ) we put ourselves in a position to be able to post the additional security within the requisite time period . consequently , we do have some time to wait until mid - december provided that ( 2 ) has occurred .  as at december 31 , we must post the december 31 amount .  atco  existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount  $ 300 , 000 $ 300 , 000 $ 450 , 000  as at october 31 , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 300 , 000 and the posted security is $ 300 , 000 ; therefore , no additional security is currently required . as at december 31 , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 450 , 000 and the posted security will have expired ; therefore $ 450 , 000 of additional security will be required at that time . such additional security will be due within 5 days of atco ' s request .  enmax  calgary  existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount  $ 475 , 000 $ 750 , 000 $ 1 , 850 , 000  red deer  existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount  $ 30 , 000 $ 40 , 000 $ 75 , 000  lethbridge  existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount  $ 15 , 000 $ 35 , 000 $ 65 , 000  as at october 31 : for calgary , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 750 , 000 and the posted security is $ 475 , 000 - therefore , the additional security which may be required is $ 275 , 000 ; for red deer , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 40 , 000 and the posted security is $ 30 , 000 - therefore , $ 10 , 000 of additional security may be required ; for lethbridge , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 35 , 000 and the posted security is $ 15 , 000 - therefore , $ 20 , 000 of additional security may be required .  as at december 31 : for calgary , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 1 , 850 , 000 and the posted security will have expired - therefore , $ 1 , 850 , 000 of additional security will be required at that time ; for red deer , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 75 , 000 and the posted security will have expired - therefore , $ 75 , 000 of additional security will be required at that time ; for lethbridge , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 65 , 000 and the posted security will have expired - therefore , $ 65 , 000 of additional security will be required .  all of the foregoing additional security is due within the number of days required by enmax ( i . e . at enmax ' s discretion ) .  epcor  existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount  $ 150 , 000 $ 150 , 000 $ 1 , 000 , 000  ponoka  existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount  $ 5 , 000 $ 12 , 000 $ 12 , 000  as at october 31 : for epcor , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 150 , 000 and the posted security is $ 150 , 000 - therefore , no additional security is currently required ; for ponoka , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 12 , 000 and the posted security is $ 5 , 000 - therefore , $ 7 , 000 of additional security may be required .  as at december 31 : for epcor , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 1 , 000 , 000 and the posted security will have expired - therefore , $ 1 , 000 , 000 of additional security will be required at that time ; for ponoka , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 12 , 000 and the posted security will have expired - therefore , $ 12 , 000 of additional security will be required at that time .  all of the aforementioned additional security is due within 10 business days of epcor ' s request .  power pool of alberta " ppa "  existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount  $ 4 , 800 , 000 $ 2 , 500 , 000 $ 6 , 000 , 000  as at october 31 , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 2 , 500 , 000 and the posted security is $ 4 , 800 , 000 - therefore , no additional security is currently required .  as at december 31 , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 6 , 000 , 000 and the posted security will have expired - therefore , $ 6 , 000 , 000 of additional security will be required at that time .  all of the aforementioned additional security is due within the number of days set by the ppa ( i . e . at the ppa ' s discretion )  utilicorp .  existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount  $ 0 barry / lori to calculate barry / lori to calculate  utilicorp . ' s prudential requirements , like the other wsp ' s and ppa ' s prudential requirements , allow utilicorp . to re - evaluate edcc ' s credit limit and / or request additional security from time to time . to date , utilicorp . has not exercised their right to request additional security from edcc . as such , financial obligations with respect to utilicorp . have not been calculated . to be prudent , barry / lori will calculate a recommended october 31 amount and an estimated december 31 amount so that we are prepared in the event that utilicorp . does at some point exercise its right to require us to post additional security .  regards ,  derek  lori poffenroth ' s november 9 memo :  sarah butt  administrative assistant  enron energy services canada corp .  enron direct canada corp .  403 - 663 - 2828
HAM Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure  start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .
HAM Subject: top 10 reasons enron keeps reorganizing  the deadline for the enron business top 10 list contest is upon you ! be sure to get your entries in by the end of the day friday , july 27 . ten winners will receive a $ 20 gift certificate to the enron signature shop .  you ' ll find the newest eb in your mailbox at home and online at home . enron . com under publications , enron business , and " volume 3 , 2001 . " ( and if you ' re in houston , you might find a few extra copies at the plaza java in the lobby of the enron building . )  in this issue :  ? reducing the risk ( but not the sizzle ) of the advertising business  ? ebs offers data users cost - effective havens for homeless terabytes  ? stan horton - a few insights about the man who excels at change management  ? helping houston recover from the floods - how you can help  ? extreme enron - adventure racing , fire fighting , arctic driving , 24 - hour racing , equine sports .  ? netiquette . how much do you really know about the net ?  ? the insider : what happens inside a shareholder meeting  ? find out who won the cartoon craziness contest and $ 200 !
HAM Subject: european power web call replay  mr . vincent j . kaminski  managing director  enron capital & trade resources corp .  dear mr . kaminski :  on june 8 last , we held a special web - based conference call pertaining to a  new cera multiclient study , " the future of european power : electricity  without borders " . ? participants in this complimentary call learned first - hand  some of the initial results of the study , and how the study provides a  framework for evaluating current and future company strategies .  we are pleased to announce the availability of the recorded presentation on  our website . ? to view the presentation , please visit our website at : ?  the presentation focused on the study scope and approach , and its underlying  analysis . ? in addition , the link above will also provide access to the  prospectus for the study , including the deliverables and enrollment  information . ? if your organization has not yet enrolled in the study , we urge  you to consider doing so at this time .  should you have any questions either about this study , or about any aspect of  cera ' s european power services then please contact me by reply email or  directly by phone in paris at + 33 1 42 44 10 18 .  sincerely ,  david callanan  dcallanan @ cera . com  should you have trouble reaching the website using the link above , please go  to ? http : / / www . cera . com / offerings / mcs / eurpow 99 / ?  our relationship with you is very important to us . ? if you wish not to  receive e - mail notifications from cera , please send a reply to this message  with " donotemail " as the subject of your message . (  mailto : info @ cera . com ? subject = donotemail )  
HAM Subject: april seminars ! ( houston )  successful people take the time they need to increase their  value to the organization .  for information on pgs energy training ' s upcoming  seminars in downtown houston ( in april ) call  412 - 279 - 9298 or visit  http : / / www . pgsenergy . com / schedule . html  available seminars include :  1 ) fundamentals of energy futures , options & derivatives  2 ) fundamentals of the electric power industry  3 ) gas - to - electricity arbitrage & how to maximize the  profitability of electric generation assets  4 ) developing effective risk management policies  & procedures ( john wengler )  5 ) fundamentals of statistical analysis ( dr . ken skinner )  6 ) how to value electric generation assets as real options  7 ) fundamentals of value - at - risk ( soli forouzan )  save money by bringing a group of 4 or more .  with a group rate , your cost for a $ 1 , 295 seminar is reduced  to $ 895 per attendee - - a savings of $ 1 , 600 from regular  prices . the group price for the $ 695 programs is $ 495 .  please forward this to anyone who might benefit from a better  understanding of energy derivatives , risk management ,  gas - to - electricity arbitrage , statistics or electric power trading .  john adamiak  pgs energy training  www . pgsenergy . com
HAM Subject: eol position  bill -  the only 2 individuals who expressed interest are ryan and geir .  how would you like to run the process from here . . . . .  thanks !  amy
HAM Subject: re : jinbaek kim  molly ,  we can pay for the plane ticket .  we have to make sure that we shall extend the same  treatment to other summer interns to avoid  bad feelings .  vince  from : molly magee / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 25 / 2001 11 : 47 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : jinbaek kim  we received some correspondence this morning from jinbaek in which he says he plans to start on june 4 , 2001 . since we are trying to offer a package comparable to that of an associate in the program , i assume we will also pay for his plane ticket here ? ? ? just wanted to check before i contacted him . . . . , so i ' ll wait to hear from you .  thanks ,  molly  x 34804
HAM Subject: fw : enron contact info  vince and jeff . . . the following is " fyi " . . . my assistant is working on the  flight arrangements . also , " fyi " , the doubletree and other downtown hotels  were entirely , or mostly , sold out , but my assistant found a good rate at the  warwick [ $ 115 ] by herman park , where everyone will be ' housed ' in the same  location for one night - - i also think this location is a good ' houston - sell ' .  dinner is scheduled for 7 thursday evening at churrasco ' s , and my group is  arranging the " tourenron " - - breaking this group into 2 . [ fyi : the energy club  from smu ( another skilling alma mater ) had long ago also schedule a tour that  day , so we ' ll have 19 from smu and 18 from wharton on the same day . . . but so  far , all seems manageable . ]  as " tour times " are set , and business unit interview requests are received  from the students , i ' ll keep you posted .  thanks !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 12 / 19 / 2000  05 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  fap on 12 / 19 / 2000 01 : 49 : 52 pm  to : " ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' " ,  " ' melinda . mccarthy @ enron . com ' "  cc : fap  subject : fw : enron contact info  christie ( melinda and / or marie )  all contact info is listed below by team and project , as well as faculty , ta  and others . those with ( * ) will be traveling to houston . i have a total of  18 attending .  according to my records , the following will stay beyond the friday departure  ( at their own expense ) and leave houston on sunday , 21 jan : heather thorne ,  jack rejtman , deepa mallik , donna piazze . dennis feerick would like to  depart on sat am , if possible . he sent a separate email addressing this .  enron 1 * vincent chen  vincent . chen . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 1 * nick levitt  nicholas . levitt . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu ( wholesale project )  enron 1 * deepa mallik mallikd @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 1 * jack rejtman  jack . rejtman . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 1 * kim whitsel whitselk @ wharton . upenn . edu  * * * team contact  enron 1 * tulika bhalla  bhallat @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 2 * jaideep singh  singhjai @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 2 * edson otani edsono @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 2 * joshua leventhal levent 86 @ wharton . upenn . edu  * * * team contact  enron 2 * pat henahan mhenahan @ wharton . upenn . edu  ( future shape of energy markets project )  enron 2 murat camoglu camoglum @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 2 * gustavo palazzi gustavop @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 3 * clay degiacinto  enron 3 * steve lessar  stephen . lessar . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 3 * ram vittal mvittal @ wharton . upenn . edu  * * * team contact  enron 3 jason cummins marc . cummins . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu  ( retail project )  enron 3 * omar bassel bassalo @ wharton . upenn . edu  enron 3 * dennis feerick  dennis . feerick . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu  professors : louis thomas thomas @ wharton . upenn . edu  keith weigelt weigelt @ wharton . upenn . edu  ta : heather thorne hethorne @ wharton . upenn . edu *  fap : donna piazze piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu *
HAM Subject: sap a / r a / p aging report  tonight kris and i met with the sap team about the critical issues we  discussed in the meeting this morning .  as far as xrefl ( coordinator ) and xref 2 ( physical vs . financial flag ) fields  go , it appears that we are getting what we have to have in order to go live  7 / 1 . rena was working on a spec ( the oss that was discussed ) that would  automatically populate these 2 fields . however , the test was unsuccessful .  these two fields are being opened up for netting , so we can input them  manually when netting . i believe we need to pursue the auto fill post 7 / 1 ,  but the first priority is having a place to put the data .  as far as settlement period is concerned , we are probably going to get a  hybrid of what we want at this time . the sap team does appear to have  appropriate resources working on this issue . for data created in sap , i am  more comfortable that the data is being captured on the income statement side  of the entry , and the sap folks now seem to think they can link over to it to  get the settlement data . for data converted , we will not be able to get the  settlement period in the same manner . the offsetting entry in conversion is  to a dummy conversion account rather than an income statement account . the  dummy account doesn ' t carry the settlement date . another issue is related to  the indicator to let us know if an invoice has had cash applied or
HAM Subject: class confirmation - stacey neuweiler  stacey neuweiler is enrolled in communicating effectively  class days and times :  03 / 02 / 2001 01 : 00 : 00 pm - 05 : 00 : 00 pm  participant fee : $ 300 . 00  thank you for your support in providing quality and cost effective  development opportunites at enron .  your company and rc will be charged $ 300 . 00  if you have any questions , please call the development center team at  713 - 853 - 0357 .  thank you .
HAM Subject: meter 1594 for nov .  we had flow on the first , prior to the shut in for work . i need a deal to  pick up the 500 and change that squeaked through the meter , please . my  exceptions need to be cleared pretty quickly .  thank you ,  mary
HAM Subject: re : southern  darren :  i zeroed the path on deal 284599 , and left 4 , 500 pathed on 339604 at meter  4132 , and pathed 5 , 000 for both deals 341801 & 341808 at meter 67 for 7 / 24  only . i also notified betsy boring / southern about the situation and  explained to her that any deal they make on eol cannot be changed in any way ,  however we would move the gas for the 24 th only because we ok ' d the change  before we realized it was an eol deal .
HAM Subject: fw : energy leader consulting generation evaluator ( ege )  vince :  this is the gentleman that wants to meet with you on the 29 th ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : " steve mitnick " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 steve + 20 mitnick + 22 + 20 + 3 csmitnick + 40 earthlink + 2 enet + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , may 21 , 2001 9 : 13 am  to : crenshaw , shirley  cc : vkamins @ enron . com  subject : energy leader consulting generation evaluator ( ege )  shirley :  as requested , herein is information regarding the meeting with vince kaminski .  the presentation on the ege tool ' s applications and the allegheny energy case study is timed to take an hour . if the meeting is most conveniently scheduled for tuesday , may 29 , might i request it be set for late afternoon ( as my other appointments are the next day ) .  and , as vince will recall , i was co - leader of the energy consulting business of phb hagler bailly , and developer of the ramp up , real time , 75 check and electric strategy tools . presently , i am ceo of energy leader consulting ( elc ) .  background  the u . s . power generation industry has become increasingly efficient in recent years . rapidly growing new entrants seek profit maximization aggressively . utilities , who still control most power plants , endeavor to adopt the entrants ' methods . yet , inefficiency among many utilities remains widespread .  utility inefficiency arises from adherence to decades - old habits and in unit commitment and dispatch and planned maintenance scheduling . many utilities , notwithstanding the industry - wide trend towards profit maximization , cling to ingrained routines .  inefficiency can also arise from the diseconomies of small scale . a utility may operate a relatively small system ( fewer than a dozen plants ) . a small system lacks portfolio diversification and perspective in its focus on its regulated customers , playing the wholesale market at the margin .  for a variety of reasons , utilities are reluctant to cut back the starts of their generating units , let alone shut down any ( even temporarily or seasonally ) . economically inefficient units continue to be committed , week after week , and run in the half - load range .  ege objectives  ege identifies and assesses generating units of a utility with questionable commitment routines . taking into account transmission and reliability factors , the procedure points towards profit opportunities that may be exploited by another industry participant .  i . an industry participant can use ege as a basis for a medium or long - term wholesale power transaction with a utility ; or to price wholesale power more aggressively , to take market share from the utility ( i . e . , compel changes in unit commitment habits ) .  ii . an industry participant can use ege to spot and quantify efficiencies that would come from a merger or acquisition .  iii . a power plant developer can use ege to estimate the incremental value a new plant will enjoy when the target utility ' s unit commitment routines inevitably become rationalized .  specific ege concepts  ege reduces and analyses the extraordinary but unwieldy continuous emission monitoring data base intelligently focusing on profit opportunities .  it produces indicative statistics such as :  a . the frequency distribution of starts per week ;  b . the frequency distribution of starts by day / 15 - minute segment during the week ;  c . the frequency distribution of load level ;  d . the frequency distribution of hours of operation per start ;  e . average heat rate and approximate fully - allocated cost in the half - load range ;  f . average ramp rate from the half - load range ;  g . the frequency distribution of unused connected capacity during the highest demand hours ; and  h . forced - off maintenance outage rate ( where indicated ) .  indicative statistics are generally aggregated by month / year ; in some cases , by temperature range . ( they can be by regional wholesale prices as well . ) ege establishes if the target utility has changed unit commitment routines significantly in recent years .  ege is based upon uniquely timely actual hourly operating data . ege is now updated for the 4 th quarter 2000 ( through december 31 , 2000 ) . ege lst quarter 2000 ( through march 31 , 2001 ) will be available approximately june 15 , 2001 .  ege also compares and ranks generating units ' commitment and dispatch with that of similar units operated by the target utility ( as well as other regional generators ) . some utilities operate a group of economically marginal units at the half - load level for lengthy time periods ( without an apparent reliability basis ) , splitting the limited economic demand for power among the units .  other ege supporting data :  i . planned maintenance schedule ( where indicated ) ;  j . actual maximum generating capacity ;  k . actual minimum generating capacity ( actual maximums and minimums can differ significantly from government - reported values ) ;  l . average heat rate in the full - load range ; and  m . average heat rate in the three - quarter - load range .  with respect to a generating units ' average heat rate in the half - load , three - quarter - load and full - load ranges , it can be instructive to rank these relative to similar generating units within a region . it can also be of interest to identify significant seasonal variations in average heat rates and maximum capacities , and changes in recent years in these parameters .  the real - world example of allegheny energy  allegheny energy can serve as a case study to illustrate the application of ege . in the 4 th quarter 2000 , for instance , one high - cost generating unit was started virtually every weekday morning ( 52 times ) and committed for the whole day ( in all but two cases ) . arguably , there are power products that could substitute for this routine ( in part at least ) at a profit to the seller of the product and allegheny energy .  another high - cost allegheny energy generating unit was started virtually every weekend during the autumn ( nine times ) and committed for most of the coming week . at another plant , two high - cost units were operated too often in the expensive half - load range ( some 550 hours ) and three - quarter - load range ( another 400 to 600 hours ) ; they were seldom called upon to run at higher levels . again , there are power products that that address these practices and might appeal to allegheny energy .  offering of energy leader consulting ( elc )  ege is a procedure , not a software package or data base . elc believes this format is more effective in arming clients with the information they need to act upon profit opportunities .  elc transfers its " knowledge " about the ege procedure and the supporting data methods in a straight - forward four - step process :  1 . enron would select one to three target utilities .  2 . elc would perform the ege procedure on the target utilities .  3 . employing this real - world analysis as a pedagogic tool , elc , in a one - day seminar with enron personnel , would instruct how to perform the procedure in the future ( without the assistance of elc ) .  4 . optionally , elc would provide ege supporting data , quarterly , to enron .  the basic ege supporting data set is national including all generating units under the continuous emission monitoring program ( virtually all fossil fuel units ) . parameters that are incorporated , and the data set format , will be specified upon request . custom modifications will be considered .  steven a . mitnick  chief executive officer  energy leader consulting  4807 41 st street , nw  washington , dc 20016  ( 202 ) 997 - 0924 voice  ( 202 ) 537 - 0906 fax  smitnick @ energyleader . com
HAM Subject: request submitted : access request for anita . dupont @ enron . com  you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data  approver . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000012734  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 1 / 8 / 01 4 : 24 : 06 pm  requested for : anita . dupont @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory
HAM Subject: well head  shoreline wants to increase the volume at meter 9830 for the 10 th gas day .  this is a new meter so there is not much history to it . they want to go from  535 to 750 . last month it flowed in the upper 500 ' s but it didn ' t come on  till the 21 st of the month .
HAM Subject: ets - quickplace / ideabank outage  on thursday , february 22 , 2001 , from 6 : 00 - 7 : 00 p . m . the ets quickplace  server will be down for maintenance . the maintenance is expected to last  approximately 1 hour .  what does this mean to you ?  users who access the ideabank or any quickplace discussion sites ( i . e . , ets  infrastructure , program office , ets standards , and ferc ) will not be able to  access them until the server has been brought back up .  if you have any concerns about this maintenance , please call us at :  ets solution center - houston , at 713 - 345 - 4745  ets solution center - omaha , at 402 - 398 - 7454
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ;  start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121323 . txt
HAM Subject: re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001  dear mr . nur azmin abu bakar ,  thanks for your prompt reply .  please , let us know how many members of your team will  visit enron .  i look forward to our meeting on february 8 .  vince kaminski  azminab @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 02 / 2001 06 : 38 : 33 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my ,  shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : meeting on feb 8 , 2001  dear kaminski ,  happy new year and thank you for the reply . we are honored to have  lunch with you and your team however we have another appointment at  2 . 30 p . m .  regards  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 03 / 01 / 2001 07 : 38 : 19 am  to : azminab @ petronas . com . my  cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  subject : meeting on feb 8 , 2001  dear sir ,  i would like to apologize for the delay in responding to your fax .  i was on vacation for the last few days .  i shall be honored to meet your delegation on thursday , february 8 at 10 : 00  a . m .  please , let me know if you will be free for lunch after the meeting .  vince kaminski
HAM Subject: re : fw : dealbench , tobias munk  richter and i will review and put ito our analysis . i will call early next week to discuss budgets some more before the official meetings thursday and friday . gp  greg piper
HAM Subject: today : 2000 united way kickoff  today is a very exciting day at enron as we officially kick off the 2000  united way campaign ,  & who wants to help millions ?  8 while we  , ve tested your  physical stamina the last couple of years with our basketball themed  kick - offs , this year we thought we  , d test your intellectual curiosity with  our own version of abc  , s  & who wants to be a millionaire ?  8  we strongly encourage all of you to attend today  , s campaign kick - off at the  hyatt regency  , s imperial ballroom followed by a free chick fil a lunch in  antioch park . the kick - off begins promptly at 11 : 15 a . m . and seating will be  on a first - come first - serve basis , so be sure to arrive early for a seat in  your reserved business unit section . in case of rain , please see rain plan  below .  you will have a chance to see many of your co - workers take a chance in the   & hot seat ,  8 all while raising funds for the united way of the texas gulf  coast . jeff skilling , joe sutton and i , along with united way  , s jackie  martin , and curt mooney from depelchin children  , s center will even serve as  lifelines , and houston  , s own regis  ) abc channel 13  , s don nelson , will host  the event .  if you are unable to get a seat in the hyatt studio audiences , we have  arranged for alternate viewing options :  ? enron lobby tv  ? ip - tv on your desktop , in the start menu under programs  we have added an exciting element to pledging this year , an electronic  pledging system . please click on the united way link  http : / / unitedway . enron . com or go directly to internet explorer or netscape  and type in unitedway . enron . com in the address field . either option should  take you to enron  , s united way 2000 campaign site where you should be able to  make your pledge within minutes .  we are happy to report that last year , employees generously donated $ 2 . 2  million to the campaign . this year , we hope to reach our employee goal of  $ 2 . 3 million .  thank you in advance for your generosity , and we look forward to seeing you  at 11 : 15 a . m .  ken  rain plan :  alternate routes to the hyatt : please utilize the tunnel system which can be  accessed via the escalators leading to the body shop . the tunnel walk to the  hyatt should take you 5 minutes .  alternate lunch plan if raining in antioch park : lunch will be served under  the overhang just outside the enron building on andrews street .
HAM Subject: ena fileplan  vince :  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 08 / 01 / 2000  08 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sarah bolken @ enron  08 / 01 / 2000 08 : 08 am  sent by : sara bolken @ enron  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ena fileplan  we are records and information management consultants from millican &  associates , who have been hired by carolyn gilley , ena ' s records manager , to  formulate a fileplan for all of ena ' s business records . the approach we ' ve  taken to develop this fileplan is to perform a generic inventory of each ena  department ' s records . now , we generally meet with an executive ( usually a  vice president or director ) within each group to first explain this project  and seek permission to perform the inventory , and then to ask that executive  to designate someone within his / her area to serve as our working contact . the  contact is usually someone who is very familiar with their department ' s  record , and can be a manager or support staff .  there are a number of reasons we are working on this ena fileplan project .  enron , as i am sure you know , creates volumes of paper and electronic  records - - much of it has never been captured . many departments are keeping  records well beyond their legal retention requirements , taking up valuable  and expensive office space . the fileplan , once completed , will document what  is being created , who has responsibility for it , and how long it must be  maintained .  during our inventory we will attempt to capture both paper and electronic  records . we ' ll also try to identify any computer systems your area ( s ) use .  the inventory itself is non - invasive , in that we do not open or look into  file cabinets or desk drawers . it ' s simply an interview process where the  contact answers a few easy , simple questions .  please feel free to contact me if you have any questions . thank you .  sara bolken  x 35150
HAM Subject: benzene forward curve & hedge calculator  new market we are trying to develop in benzene swaps - possibly hedging with  financial naphtha and physical toluene .  rgds ,  anjam  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 14 / 03 / 2000 10 : 35  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  anjam ahmad  14 / 03 / 2000 10 : 34  to : robert brewis / lon / ect @ ect , stuart bland / lon / ect @ ect  cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , hrvoje paver / lon / ect @ ect , stinson  gibner / hou / ect @ ect , tracy wallace / lon / ect @ ect  subject : benzene forward curve & hedge calculator  dear all ,  attached is the spreadsheet " benzenecurves . xls " ( also available in  s : \ research \ globalproducts ) that will hopefully allow you to derive a  mid - curve for benzene based upon our existing naphtha curve produced by  tracy . the previous hedge ratio analysis is still part of the new  spreadsheet .  for clarity a graph of the curve based on 1996 through 2000 data is depicted  below :  i can also provide confidence bands on the regression model , if this can  assist in deciding the bid - offer spread for the forward curve , but this is  slightly more involved - let me know you ' d like this .  regards ,  anjam  x 35383  attachment :
HAM Subject: revised nominations  daren ,  we have received revised nominations from prize energy resources , l . p . for  june , 2000 . the revisions are as follows :  meter # original volume revised volume  5579 2 , 209 2 , 536  6534 1 , 906 1 , 123  6614 2 , 215 2 , 128  do you want me to enter the revised volumes ? please advise . thanks .  bob
HAM Subject: link to the hpl scheduling mailbox  please follow the instructions below .  why : a suggestion was made ( by carlos ) to centralize transport nominations  we receive by email . we now have an email account set up :  hpl . scheduling @ enron . com . the group is to let our customers know this is  where all nominations need to be sent . this way , if people are out ( or no  longer with us ) , someone will be able to receive the nomination change . i  have also created folders for each shipper . as each nomination is addressed ,  the file is to be moved to the folder for later reference . if the file is  still in the " inbox " , it has not been addressed .  any comments to this , i would greatly appreaciate feedback .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by edward terry / hou / ect on 01 / 12 / 2001 03 : 27  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : enron messaging security @ enron 01 / 09 / 2001  09 : 07 am  to : hpl scheduling team  cc :  subject : link to the hpl scheduling mailbox  < = < = double - click on the link and the mail box will be added to your lotus  notes workspace . each of you are editors of this mailbox . the internet  address is hpl . scheduling @ enron . com . just in case , the mailbox is located  nahou - lnmai 20 / enron under the mail folder .  the following have access :  michael olsen / na / enron  tom acton / corp / enron  mary poorman / na / enron  eddie janzen / na / enron  edward terry / hou / ect  robert cotten / hou / ect  aimee lannou / hou / ect  jackie young / hou / ect  carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect  mark mccoy / corp / enron  sabrae zajac / hou / ect  thanks ,  sandy rivas  enron messaging security
HAM Subject: unify to sap interface - - - day 2  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect on  07 / 07 / 2000 08 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  bob klein  07 / 06 / 2000 05 : 12 pm  to : jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect  cc : rebecca ford / hou / ect @ ect  subject : unify to sap interface - - - day 2  as on day 1 we ran the unify to sap interface at 8 : 00 am , noon , and 3 : 00 pm .  set out below are the results of these runs .  the interfaces for enron north america ( financial for gas , weather , and pulp  and paper ) were error free .  the interfaces for ena global products - - financial resulted in two invoices  not being accepted by sap . this was due to a sap error that has occurred  about three times in test . however , the sap team cannot duplicate the error  in order to correct . they are still trying to find the root of this problem .  the two transactions which were not picked up by sap were resent successfully .  the interfaces for ena fx financial uncovered a breakdown in the process . the  payment program for this entity is to be processed manually by the accounts  payable dept . for july 5 and today , the ap dept . forgot to process the  payment program resulting in nine payments ( 7 us $ , 1 canadian , and 1 gbp )  not being paid . we were able to get all payments out today through sap  except the gbp payment . the gbp non - payment was discovered by a counterparty  calling and stating that they did not received their funds . the us $ and  canadian non - payments were discovered when we reviewed our bank statements  and found that the funds were not disbursed . for future interfaces , bernard  is to call treasury after each interface is processed to ensure that the  payments for this entity were received by them .  bob
HAM Subject: re : gary hickerson ' s group  i ' ll check into it . . . . jeff  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : monday , march 12 , 2001 7 : 13 pm  to : mcconnell , mike ; shankman , jeffrey a .  subject : gary hickerson ' s group  believe it or not - i am still finalizing the individual plans for each of hte enron americas . i notice we are currently picking up all 19 people from gary hickerson ' s group which i presume is a mistake . i assume we will get some form of allocation based on the work he does for ena but probably not $ 11 . 64 million / annum . i am going to let the accounts team know there is an issue but could one of you let me know who is responsible for the plans in your group .  just thought i ' d check that i wasn ' t missing something .  thanks  louise
HAM Subject: dinner with vince kaminski  good morning mr . saksena :  reservations have been made for 6 : 00 pm , the evening of thursday ,  march 9 at latour d ' argent restaurant . the restaurant is located at 2011  ella blvd at t . c . jester blvd . men are required to wear a coat .  directions to restaurant :  coming from downtown houston :  take i - 45 north to 610 west .  take 610 west to ella blvd exit .  go south ( back under the freeway )  on ella blvd to 2011 ella at t . c . jester .  vince will meet you at the restaurant .  if you have any questions , please call me .  thanks .  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290
HAM Subject: re : important ! ! ! - teco deal meeting  i ' ve reserved eb 3143 b for this meeting .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : curry , mike  sent : friday , april 6 , 2001 5 : 18 pm  to : murphy , melissa ann ; allen , thresa ; reeves , leslie ; evans , casey ; white , stacey ; dahlke , andrea ; wallis , janet ; farmer , daren ; gilbert - smith , doug ; dean , clint ; day , smith ; jester , larry ; wagner , joseph  cc : gardner , stephanie ; cross , edith ; wiesepape , jason ; trefz , greg  subject : important ! ! ! - teco deal meeting  importance : high  please plan to attend a meeting to discuss the teco frontera deal on monday , 4 / 9 at 1 : 00 pm ( stephanie - please arrange a conference room and forward information to all ) . the teco deal will start scheduling tuesday 4 / 10 for gas and power flow wednesday 4 / 11 ( sorry for the late notice but teco wants to start asap ) . if you do not have a copy of the contract and would like one please stop by my desk and grab one at eb 3119 b or print out the attached file below ( stephanie - please call and make sure all can attend the meeting ) .  i will give a summary of the deal and discuss with you what our obligations are . please read the contract as this meeting will not be a substitute for a thorough reading !  if you have any questions regarding this deal please call me at x 3 - 4258 or page me 877 - 498 - 2166 if i am not at my desk .  thanks for your assistance with this , - mike  >
HAM Subject: planning weekly report  attached is the ets planning weekly report for the week ending august 17 , 2001 .  - morgan gottsponer
HAM Subject: it stock , steve ; mcauliffe , bob  cc : webb , jay ; yanowski , tommy j . ; burchfield , richard  subject : re : integration test planning / coordination mtg summary  the aep and bridgeline deals must be investigated . there is no way the estate can support a production environment . i will be reviewing the contracts to determine our obligations and possible alternatives .  beth  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : johnson , jeff  sent : wednesday , december 19 , 2001 2 : 23 pm  to : stock , steve ; mcauliffe , bob ; greig , iain ; nommensen , dave ; ward , bob ; sanvido , terry ; wei , zhiyong ; nat , steve ; harmon , kenneth m . ; warner , john ; saleem , aftab ; smith , regan m . ; hillier , bob  cc : webb , jay ; perlman , beth  subject : integration test planning / coordination mtg summary  key planning assumptions  1 ) jan 20 go live  2 ) new co conversions must be completed and tested by application teams by jan 15 . this assumes all major production data setup - users , rights , books , global data - is completed and tested on a per application basis . some code changes may still be in process but integration testing can begin to ensure the applications still talk to each other .  3 ) integration test planning focus will be to run representative transactions from eol to sap through all core trading applications to ensure that applications and interfaces still work . we will not be testing functional permutations , data conditions , validation or exceptions to any significant degree .  4 ) each application conversion team must test their changes before approving their changes for integration testing . we are operating from the premise that data , infrastructure and code changes have been tested at a application system level before the enterprise integration test starts .  4 ) all systems will be physically split ( even unify at this point ) .  5 ) integration test team will develop and execute the test plan for both estate and new co .  6 ) we will integrate key business reps into the process for planning and execution and they will have shared responsibility for signoff on the test to support go live to production .  7 ) we will minimize the differentiation between new co and estate for conversion and test team purposes . there are two teams - conversion and integration test . each team will focus on both estate and new co . resources are too tight and the process is too inefficient to separate responsibility .  8 ) estate conversions must happen at the application level before new co conversion work can begin in earnest . estate conversion is on the critical path for new co .  key issues  1 ) we will push to get a decision to see if we can focus on financial trading first , then physical . if financial is the focus , delivery risk goes down dramatically . for now , we must plan on the worst case - - physical and financial on jan 20 .  2 ) we need both a dev and a test environment for all systems that support aep and bridgeline in estate . this means that we need a dev environment ( and hw gap addressed ) for unify , sitara , cpr , tagg / erms . conversion teams need to coordinate with infrastructure immediately on this issue to make sure we ' re in synch .  3 ) unify servers probably can ' t be owned by new co while running a single license of unify .  4 ) some systems are using ' short name ' instead of duns id as a key for counterparties from global . the global , tagg / erms , unify and sap reps must quickly define the best approach for making global data changes and minimizing hard coded reference id risks .  5 ) we must clearly define limits of conversion and test scope to hit these potential dates . we must focus on core systems with only core changes required to support day one trading .  6 ) we can only convert estate over the weekend due to aep / bridgeline considerations . the time window will be very small .  core conversion team  1 ) steve stock - applications  2 ) bob mcauliffe - infrastructure  3 ) ziyong wei  4 ) steve nat  5 ) dave nommensen  6 ) ken harmon  7 ) john warner  8 ) bob ward  . . . .  core integration test team  1 ) jeff johnson  2 ) iain greig  3 ) aftab saleem  4 ) terry sanvido  5 ) regan smith  program coordination  1 ) jane henry  2 ) steve simpson  next steps for integration test team  1 ) due 12 / 20 . define integration test approach and id test script and expected results templates . owner : aftab saleem / regan smith  2 ) due jan 3 . application system flow diagram at appropriate granularity for communicating flow on integration test for core systems . owner : terry sanvido / steve simpson  3 ) due 12 / 20 . identify list of core systems for test purposes . identify key it owner and key business owner and respresentative for integration test . owner : iain greig .  4 ) due 12 / 21 . define integration test workplan for integration test planning and execution for both estate and new co . owner : jeff johnson  5 ) ongoing . participation in daily program management coordination meeting at 8 : 30 . owners : jeff johnson , iain greig , aftab saleem .  6 ) due 12 / 21 . organize meeting with key users and it contacts to communciate foundation assumptions , context , team and approach for integration test . develop first cut at sample trade transaction set . owner : iain greig / aftab saleem .  7 ) completed . contact bob hall , leslie reeves , bob superty , brice baxter to communicate above and set up meeting to begin planning with them on the integration testing process . owner : jeff johnson  8 ) due 12 / 21 . refine core system list with it owners and business owners for integration test purposes . owner : iain greig .  9 ) due 12 / 20 . set up integration test folder on o drive under infotech / development support . owner : aftab saleem .  let me know if you have questions or changes . i am out tomorrow but i ' m back on friday .  thanks .
HAM Subject: entex estimates for 12 / 99  attached are two spreadsheets showing entex data for dec . 99 .  jano 0 _ factor shows the difference between the estimates that should have fed  over to pops and the actual for all meters in the meter set { 2001 - 2500 , 2540 ,  3509 , 3519 , 3530 , 3533 , 6822 , 9544 } . i do not have the actual for vidor cg  yet . i have estimated the volume to be 190 . 00 .  actuals were 6105 . 26 mmcf using the vidor cg estimate  estimates were 4870 . 37 mmcf .  difference of 1237 . 89 mmcf .  jano 0 _ scada shows that if we had correct information from the hempstead cg  rtu the difference would have been 819 . 186 mmcf .  if you have any questions please call .  gary
HAM Subject: needles / topock price differentials  i have had a casual chat with some of my accounts regarding their opinion of  the market dynamics affecting the needles to topock price differentials .  each customer focused more on the supply side dynamics of topock gas  supplies , rather than the incremental intra - state transport costs required to  transport to the pg & e citygate , as the primary driving force for the needles  to topock price differential .  here is a recurring theme i heard from my customers : the el paso merchant  service ( epms ) 1 . 2 bcf contract ' s block ii capacity ( 500 mmcf / d of permian to  pg & e / topock capacity , $ . 065 transport rate ) has a re - callable aspect . if  epms schedules gas under the transport of block ii capacity to any other  california delivery point other than pg & e / topock , then other parties may  recall the capacity for their own use to pg & e / topock . currently duke has  recalled 100 mmcf / d and pg & e energy trading has also recalled 100 mmcf / d for  their use to transport permian gas to pg & e / topock . ( fyi - epmc may re - recall  this capacity , but they have elected not to ) . these additional topock  supplies coming from duke and pg & e energy trading under block ii capacity may  be viewed as providing an oversupply of gas to pg & e at topock . this gas  competes head to head with malin gas prices . for example , today ' s malin  price is $ 4 . 62 while pg & e / topock price is $ 4 . 69 . today ' s cash price  differential between needles and topock is $ . 60 , far larger than the  previously assumed $ . 28 differential resulting from the intrastate cost  required to bring topock gas to the citygate .  if anyone else had additional market information or opinions regarding these  market dynamics , let ' s discuss further at our next staff meeting . cs
HAM Subject: fw : commodity structuring and year end prc  fyi - - i have not heard back from john on this yet . in light of current events , i do not expect to soon . i will let you know when i hear from him .  ed  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : mcmichael jr . , ed  sent : wednesday , october 24 , 2001 3 : 42 pm  to : lavorato , john  subject : commodity structuring and year end prc  john ,  i mentioned that i wanted to discuss the year - end prc process as related to commodity structuring when i met with you in early september . you said that the whole prc process was being discussed / reviewed and that i should wait until november to discuss it with you . i had intended to contact you next week to have the follow - up discussion , but frank vickers mentioned last week that the same ( or a closely related ) issue was recently discussed in one of your staff meetings and recommended that i share my thoughts with you now . i do not know exactly what was discussed at your meeting , but the questions i want to discuss are as follows :  1 . is commodity structuring properly placed on the " commercial " table ?  2 . if so , how does commodity structuring get equitable rankings and equitable compensation ?  3 . if not , what table should commodity structuring be on and how should they be compensated ?  i believe that the people in my group are " commercial " because the organization expects them to do the following :  understand and structure any commodity transaction  see the " big picture , " as well as the detail  accurately and completely identify and cost / value all parts ( risks and opportunities ) in commodity transactions  develop and propose alternate deal structures  customer interface ( with and without originators ) to field technical questions , negotiate technical issues and / or conduct due diligence  review contracts , draft language , recommend changes and insure risk coverage therein  collaborate with research group to develop new models to price / value non - standard product offerings  represent the desks in risk mitigation while negotiating with the desks to get fair / reasonable quotes  make sure all the bases have been covered on a deal and that the deal value ( including desk reserves , cof , credit , legal , etc . ) matches the booking / unwind .  in essence , everything that an originator should do , except considerably more technical in nature , but without primary customer relationships , deal identification responsibilities and specific profit goals . i recognize that the exceptions are very important distinctions and do not want to infer that the roles are the same . in fact , maybe it is the exceptions that determine the distinction . however , commodity structuring , maybe more that any other single group , is hiring , training and developing individuals that regularly transition into " true " commercial seats ( origination and training ) at the request of the leaders of those groups .  i would like to fully discuss and get resolution before the prc process gets underway . can we meet soon ? please advise .  regards ,  ed
HAM Subject: re : conference  phelim ,  thanks again for the invitation to speak at the conference .  the program was very interesting and i learned a lot .  i hope you can visit us in houston sometimes in the next few months .  vince  phelim boyle on 05 / 30 / 2000 10 : 11 : 26 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : conference  vince  thank you very much for coming to the conference and for  your excellent overview  it was a pleasure meeting you  i hope we can stay in touch  phelim  - -  phelim p boyle  director  centre for advanced studies in finance ,  university of waterloo ,  waterloo , ontario  canada n 2 l 3 gl  tel 519 885 1211 ( 6513 )  fax 519 888 7562
HAM Subject: enron / hpl actuals for december 8 - 10 , 2000  december 8 , 2000  teco tap 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily ; 29 . 583 / enron  ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron  december 9 , 2000  teco tap 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily ; 30 . 000 / enron  december 10 , 2000  teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily
HAM Subject: fw : netco benefit rate projections  john ,  the more i look at these comparisons , the more i ' m convinced we have to agree an interim subsidy to let folks down gently and / or a salary adjustment . i think we will lose a very high number of people from this transaction if we don ' t make some accommodation here .  i ' ll call you later today to discuss .  i also need to touch base with you on your salary comment . i need to clarify what you mean by salary freeze . i understood you were ok with us promoting a few people ( 50 or so ) in next 4 / 6 weeks ( so long as we run list passed you first ) and in this regard i would expect to adjust their salaries . we have traditionally raised commercial support salaries ( below vp ) in line with cola ( based on performance but typically around 3 - 4 . 5 % of payroll ) each january and there certainly will be some expectations we will have to deal with .  regards  david  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : jarrett , anthony  sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 8 : 22 am  to : davies , neil ; slone , jeanie  cc : oxley , david ; rahaim , christian ; fitzpatrick , amy ; cash , michelle  subject : netco benefit rate projections  attached below is an excel workbook containing benefits projections for 2002 . the first tab contains enron rates including flex dollars , the 2 nd tab is citigroup rates conservative estimate , and the 3 rd tab is citigroup rates maxing out the life and ad jarrett , anthony  cc : davies , neil ; cash , michelle  subject : fw : netco - benefits comparison  i sent him back a reply saying , as a minimum , if we see " hardship " for the less than $ 100 k base people , we will want to raise their salaries 3 - 5 % .  david  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : donnelly , john l [ hr ] [ mailto : john . l . donnelly @ ssmb . com ]  sent : friday , january 04 , 2002 4 : 48 pm  to : oxley , david  subject : re : netco - benefits comparison  we have this issue in every deal we do , the benefit coverage is good  overall , but employees pay more for the coverage . it ' s income based which  mitigates impact to lower paid and we find higher paid focus on total comp  and not benefits . benefits are the one thing we keep the same for all of  citigroup and we don ' t want to do anything with subsidy or anything else .  happy to discuss futher how we market overall comp . and ben . philosphy to  deal with the benefits .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : oxley , david [ mailto : david . oxley @ enron . com ]  sent : friday , january 04 , 2002 2 : 46 pm  to : donnelly , john l [ hr ]  cc : cash , michelle ; rahaim , christian  subject : fw : netco - benefits comparison  > >  john ,  i am worried about comparison between your and our benefits costs . perhaps  you could review and let me know if you agree we have a problem . my  recommendation is that we consider a subsidy or payrise for our people who  may otherwise suffer a hardship in meeting the additional costs of your  medical / dental premiums .  david  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : jarrett , anthony  > sent : friday , january 04 , 2002 1 : 35 pm  > to : oxley , david  > cc : davies , neil ; slone , jeanie ; fitzpatrick , amy ; rahaim , christian  > subject : re : netco - benefits comparison  >  > your correct on the costs . i will be in a meeting most of the afternoon  today , but i should be able to have you a spreadsheet on monday showing some  different scenarios on how netco employees paychecks would be affected  paying for their own benefits based on their salary range and coverage tier  ( employee only , employee spouse , employee slone , jeanie ; fitzpatrick , amy ; rahaim , christian  > subject : re : netco - benefits comparison  >  > tony ,  >  > i ' m not sure if i read this correctly but seems to me medical costs are  significantly higher under citi groups arrangements . i ' ve asked neil and  jeanie to work with you to illustrate if they are . i may need to get them to  subsidise for first 12 months the difference , if i can prove some hardship .  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : jarrett , anthony  > sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 5 : 45 pm  > to : oxley , david ; davies , neil ; slone , jeanie ; fitzpatrick , amy ;  wheeler , terrie ; schultea , kathryn ; rahaim , christian ; oquinn , kari ; clyatt ,  julie ; philpott , charles  > cc : joyce , mary ; barrow , cynthia ; jones , robert w . - hr exec ; cash ,  michelle  > subject : netco - benefits comparison  >  > david , below is an initial draft of our current benefit plans compared to  ssmb ' s plans . the main difference is employee ' s for ssmb pay for benefits  out of pocket instead of having flexdollars cover a portion of the cost .  >  > > >  >  > thanks , tony  >  >  >  this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and  may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the  intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by  others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or  authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply  to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all  copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not  intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a  binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its  affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be  relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise .  thank you .  
HAM Subject: evaluation form  mike ,  please , sign and return to me .  vince
HAM Subject: university of texas conference on energy finance , february 2001  jeff ,  our friends at the university of texas are planning a conference on energy  economics and finance in february of next year . they would like very much to  have  you as a keynote speaker .  given our good , long - term relationship with ut , i would recommend  that you speak at this conference . i talked to prof . ehud ronn  a few times about the program and i think that this will be  an excellent forum to present enron ' s accomplishments and  agenda for the future .  i am sure that rick causey will join me in making the same recommendation .  vince
HAM Subject: re : my resume  we ' ll get this offer out today , vince .  molly  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : friday , april 13 , 2001 10 : 03 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ enron  cc : kaminski , vince ; crenshaw , shirley ; huang , alex  subject : my resume  molly ,  we would like to bring this student as a summer intern ( the last one ,  we are running out of space ) .  i shall send you another message regarding his proposed dates .  thanks . i hope you have a very happy easter .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 13 / 2001  10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zhendong xia on 04 / 12 / 2001 03 : 58 : 25 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : my resume  hi , dr . kaminski :  glad to get your reply . here is my resueme . if you wanna know more  about me , please feel free to contact me . thanks .  zhendong xia  georgia institute of technology  school of industrial and systems engineering  email : dengie @ isye . gatech . edu  dengie @ sina . com  tel : ( h ) 404 - 8975103  ( o ) 404 - 8944318  - cv . doc >
HAM Subject: master termination log  louise :  here is the master termination log through yesterday . anything with a " y " next to it has been or will be taken out of the book . call me if you have any questions .  carol st . clair  eb 4539  713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone )  713 - 646 - 3393 ( fax )  281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone )  8774545506 ( pager )  281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax )  carol . st . clair @ enron . com
HAM Subject: enron actuals for june 28 , 2000  teco tap 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily  ls hpl katy 30 . 000 / enron
HAM Subject: start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ;  start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020118 . txt
HAM Subject: california 6 / 13  executive summary  - cpuc rules that socal must pay 15 % of debt to qfs ( approximately $ 50 million )  - ruling heightens likelihood of voluntary bankruptcy filing by socal  - voluntary filing further heightened by successful ring - fencing by eix parent  - bankruptcy judge firm in support for qfs  report  1 . socal loses cpuc ruling , but retains appeal option  as you may have seen , bloomberg reported that the cpuc voted 5 - 0 to force socal to make 15 % of its payments owed to alternative energy producers in california . cpuc rules allow 30 days to appeal its rulings , leaving a window open for socal to buy more time .  2 . voluntary filing in ?  with regard to a socal bankruptcy filing , the key now is how socal ' s board  feels about progress rather than deadlines with creditors . in other words ,  sources believe that a voluntary filing is more likely than an involuntary  filing . a continuing lack of progress on a bailout and an increase in the  number of liens filed against socal is more likely to make the socal board  want to file for bankrutpcy voluntarily . the recent ring - fencing by edison  international reflects their need to pay off cross - default risk and to cut ties  in their bank facility between the parent company and lines of credit helds by socal .  in and of outself , it does not necessarily signal an imminent filing .  3 . involuntary out ?  sources indicate that the unsecured financial creditors are not  considering a filing against socal . this is because the financial creditors  believe that they would still be worse off in bankruptcy . sources report  that in creditor discussions , there has not been talk of the debt holders  not being paid . " people have talked about screwing the generators and  everyone else , but not the debt holders , " a source commented .  the qfs are unlikely to file against socal because they have fairly good  contracts in place . also , they receive high capacity fees in the summer  ( these fees vary seasonally and are distinct from generating fees ) . these  capacity fees are calculated on a rolling , 4 - year basis and will be  re - calculated next year . the qfs want this summer included in the  recalculation , incentivizing them to keep their contracts in place .  4 . montali supporting qfs  judge montali , by his recent rulings , is sending a signal that he is  concerned for the qfs and is sensitive to their hardships . he is trying to  help them through his rulings . for example , as long as qfs remain on line ,  those who petition can receive additional payments from pg & e . over a  4 - month period , these payments equal 20 % of the qfs ' pre - petition claims .  this provides the qfs incentive to remain connected to pg & e .  5 . ge looking to restructure generating capacity financing  general electric is reportedly " deeply concerned " about the stability of  financing generating capacity in the us . ( ge has over 70 % of the gas  turbine market . ) ge is reportedly trying to keep its margins down and is  not raising its prices due to concerns about instability . sources believe  that a very significant percentage of generating capacity financing will  have to be restrucured in five years .
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 16 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ;  start date : 12 / 16 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121606 . txt  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .
HAM Subject: re : genco / roc  perhaps i should rephrase . do you wish for any work to continue on the roc at this time , or shall we put it on the back burner for a couple of weeks ? if the roc is to be operational in early 2002 , any further efforts towards the project will begin to incur external costs .  lloyd and fred are working on a management briefing for you .  tammy  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : thursday , november 08 , 2001 5 : 44 pm  to : shepperd , tammy r .  subject : re : genco / roc  absolutely not .  we never did this on any of the other stuff .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : shepperd , tammy r .  sent : thursday , november 08 , 2001 5 : 01 pm  to : kitchen , louise  subject : genco / roc  louise ,  do you want lloyd and fred to obtain construction drawings ( cd ' s ) so that a project estimate can be generated on the roc ? the cd ' s will run between $ 25 - 45 , 000 .  thanks ,  tammy
HAM Subject: request submitted : access request for john . f . anderson @ enron . com  you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data  approver . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000005409  approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  request create date : 10 / 23 / 00 8 : 47 : 14 am  requested for : john . f . anderson @ enron . com  resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ]  resource type : directory
HAM Subject: re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  vince ,  thank you for forwarding the following messages . i am sorry that i am just  now getting back to you , my lotus notes was down all afternoon yesterday .  we currently have the cal berkeley general presentation set for wednesday ,  october 18 th at 7 : 00 p . m . which works out well because it is just prior to  the time deadline for students to submit their resumes . the general  presentation is a general overview of enron , the program , the interview  process , as well as a chance for students to meet and chat with enron reps .  since this is the first year that we are recruiting from cal berkeley , i  think that it is important that i attend this event on campus so that i can  answer any interview process questions . i will check the schedule and see if  it is possible to move the presentation to the 23 rd . the only negative is  that i will not be able to attend because i will be conducting interviews at  rice that day . also , it is very difficult to find a location to hold the  presentation , and i need to check on location availability on the 23 rd .  however , i do think that we should take advantage of the seminar on campus .  this may mean that they are two seperate trips to campus . perhaps , we can  also set up some other presentations for the 23 rd or even the monday prior .  although i would like to be able to attend the class / seminar presentations , i  don ' t think that it is as vital as the general presentation .  what are your thoughts ?  thanks ,  ashley  vince j kaminski @ ect  08 / 24 / 2000 08 : 58 am  to : " shmuel oren "  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ashley baxter / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  shmuel ,  thanks for the message . i am working with our recruiter , ashley baxter ,  to finalize the date of the trip . i shall shoot for october the 23 rd  if this date works for the rest of our team .  vince  " shmuel oren " on 08 / 23 / 2000 11 : 46 : 19 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron  dear vince .  i sent you a reply earlier this month but i haven ' t heard from you about the  date of your visit . our department has a seminar every monday . if you can  schedule your visit on a monday i would like to invite you to give a seminar  which will be attended by many of our graduate students and faculty and will  give you an opportunity to tell them about your program . with sufficient  lead - time i can advertise the seminar in the hass school to their financial  engineering students .  shmuel .  shmuel s . oren , professor  dept . of industrial engineering  and operations research  4117 etcheverry hall  university of california  berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777  e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu  phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484  fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to : ; ;  sent : tuesday , august 08 , 2000 10 : 59 am  subject : hello from vince kaminski at enron  > shmuel ,  >  > i hope you remember me . i visited you together with aram sogomonian , a  > good friend of mine , a few years ago . i am currently responsible , among  > other things , for recruiting graduates with finance and / or technical  > backgrounds at the university of berkeley . i would be glad to give you a  > call and talk more about the details of our program . my colleague ,  > ashleybaxter , from the analyst / associate program at enron would join me  > as well .  >  > i am sending you a copy of the brochure about the analyst / associate  > program .  >  > vince kaminski  >  >  > vincent kaminski  > managing director - research  > enron corp .  > 1400 smith street  > room ebl 962  > houston , tx 77002 - 7361  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  >
HAM Subject: valentines day help  red - neck valentine ' s love poem  collards is green  my dog ' s name is blue  and i ' m so lucky  to have a sweet thang like you .  yore hair is like cornsilk  a - flapping in the breeze  softer than old blue ' s  and without all them fleas .  you move like the bass ,  which excite me in may .  you ain ' t got no scales  but i luv you anyway .  yo ' re as satisfy ' n as okry  jist a - fry ' n in the pan .  yo ' re as fragrant as " snuff "  right out of the can .  you have som ' a yore teeth ,  for which i am proud ;  i hold my head high  when we ' re in a crowd .  on special occasions ,  when you shave under yore arms ,  well , i ' m in hawg heaven ,  and awed by yore charms .  still them fellers at work ,  they all want to know ,  what i did to deserve  such a purdy , young doe .  like a good roll of duct tape  yo ' re there fer yore man ,  to patch up life ' s troubles  and fix what you can .  yo ' re as cute as a junebug  a - buzzin ' overhead .  you ain ' t mean like those far ants  i found in my bed .  cut from the best cloth  like a plaid flannel shirt ,  you spark up my life  more than a fresh load of dirt .  when you hold me real tight  like a padded gunrack ,  my life is complete ;  ain ' t nuttin ' i lack .  yore complexion , it ' s perfection ,  like the best vinyl sidin ' .  despite all the years ,  yore age , it keeps hidin ' .  me ' n ' you ' s we go together  just like a moon pie  with a rc cold drank ,  yep , we go together  like a skunk goes with stank .  some men , they buy chocolate  for valentine ' s day ;  they git it at wal - mart ,  it ' s romantic that way .  some men git roses  on that special day  from the cooler at kroger .  " that ' s impressive , " i say .  some men buy fine diamonds  from a flea market booth .  " diamonds are forever , "  they explain , suave and couth .  but for this man , honey ,  these won ' t do .  cause yo ' re too special ,  you sweet thang you .  i got you a gift ,  without taste nor odor ,  more useful than diamonds . . .  it ' s a new trollin ' motor ! !  l shore due luv you darling ,  aint love grand ! ! ! ! . . . . .  bubba
HAM Subject: hpl nom for june 29 , 2000  ( see attached file : hplo 629 . xls )  - hplo 629 . xls
HAM Subject: fw : part 4 - deals to move  more auto - terminate deals  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : gossett , jeffrey c .  sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 4 : 50 pm  to : palmer , b . scott  subject : fw : part 4 - deals to move  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : richardson , stacey  sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 4 : 49 pm  to : gossett , jeffrey c .  cc : hodge , jeffrey t . ; theriot , kim s . ; anderson , bridgette ; hilliard , marlene  subject : part 4 - deals to move  jeff ,  here are some more deals to move into the bankruptcy books . i will be out of the office tomorrow but bridgette anderson and marlene hilliard will be working on them if you have any questions .  thanks ,  sbr x 30569
HAM Subject: reminder : ken guernsey interview  just a reminder :  ken guernsey will be coming in to interview for the delphi developer position in the it development group . i will provide a copy of his resume for review . the mt . rainier conference room has been reserved .  ken guernsey , mt . rainier conference room - tuesday , june 26 th  1 : 00 pm - bill williams iii  1 : 30 pm - lei chen  2 : 00 pm - richard schweiger  if you have any questions , please let me know !  thanks ,  grace  x 8321
HAM Subject: hiring aram at a vp level  rick ,  i want to bring aram sogomonian back to enron at s vp level .  according to new human resources procedures this decision requires  a support of three senior executives .  i want to ask you to express your opinion on aram ( based on a phone interview  or just on your past interactions with him ) . you can send a reply to norma  villarreal at h / r .  thanks .  vince
HAM Subject: enron and blockbuster to launch entertainment on - demand service  today enron broadband services announced a 20 - year exclusive agreement with  blockbuster to deliver a revolutionary new " entertainment on demand " service  to consumers . consumers will be able to order movies from the convenience  of their homes , and watch them on their televisions whenever they want . to  learn more about this exciting announcement and view a webcast featuring  interviews with ken lay and blockbuster ceo john antioco , visit  http : / / www . . com / .
HAM Subject: fw : payment  jo hillier - smith  owner care manager  sunsail worldwide sailing ltd  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 2392 222215  email : joh @ sunsail . com  this e - mail and any attachment is intended for the named addressee ( s )  only , or a person authorised to receive it on their behalf . the content  should be treated as confidential and the recipient may not disclose this  message or any attachment to anyone else without authorisation . unauthorised  use , copying or disclosure may be unlawful . if this transmission is received  in error please notify the sender immediately and delete this message from  your e - mail system . any view expressed by the sender of this message or any  attachment may be personal and may not represent the view held by the company .  sunsail limited ( company number 1239190 ) or sunsail worldwide sailing  limited ( company number 1658245 ) ? both with registered offices at the port  house , port solent , portsmouth , hampshire , po 6 4 th , england  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : ? ? jo hillier - smith  sent : ? ? thursday , april 05 , 2001 3 : 43 pm  to : ? ? ? ? ' dfarmer 2 @ ei . enron . com '  subject : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? payment  good afternoon mr farmer  as i am sure you are aware we are in the procees of changing our banks , and  the new bank " citibank " was not able to process our charter fees for the lst  april , i , therefore have a cheque to send to you to cover this april  payment . ? please could you let me know the best address i can send this to ,  you may want me to send it straight to you or to your bank .  i look forward to hearing from you .  with regards  jo  jo hillier - smith  owner care manager  sunsail worldwide sailing ltd  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 2392 222215  email : joh @ sunsail . com  this e - mail and any attachment is intended for the named addressee ( s )  only , or a person authorised to receive it on their behalf . the content  should be treated as confidential and the recipient may not disclose this  message or any attachment to anyone else without authorisation . unauthorised  use , copying or disclosure may be unlawful . if this transmission is received  in error please notify the sender immediately and delete this message from  your e - mail system . any view expressed by the sender of this message or any  attachment may be personal and may not represent the view held by the company .  sunsail limited ( company number 1239190 ) or sunsail worldwide sailing  limited ( company number 1658245 ) ? both with registered offices at the port  house , port solent , portsmouth , hampshire , po 6 4 th , england
HAM Subject: re : aep interest payment vs . coastline lawsuite costs  andy edison - he works for our litigation group .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : wednesday , april 25 , 2001 8 : 32 am  to : redmond , brian  subject : re : aep interest payment vs . coastline lawsuite costs  who is the lawyer on this ?  from : brian redmond / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 24 / 2001 07 : 34 pm  to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : aep interest payment vs . coastline lawsuite costs  louise ,  i have developed the attached proposal that i would like to propose to aep . the basis of the proposal is that :  1 . aep would take on all costs , risks , liens , etc . associated with the coastline law suite ( low case $ 1 . 8 mm , expected case $ 2 . 5 mm ) .  2 . enron would forego 1 months of interest due to aep ' s failure to get doj approval ( $ 2 . 1 mm ) .  benefits to enron :  1 . potential savings in enron expense vs . aep ' s ability to capitalize the cost .  2 . enron still retains the " doj stick " in that interest payments start on 1 june instead of 1 may .  3 . enron saves time and legal costs not having to defend against the claim .  4 . enron does not have to wrestle with aep to get access to hpl staff who are involved in the suite . ( even though aep is obligated to make resources available to help us with the claim , aep will have no incentive to do so after the sale ) .  let me know if you have any objections or questions .  brian  >
HAM Subject: registration confirmation from spinner . com  thank you for joining spinner . com : the web ' s largest source of free streaming  music  just wanted to confirm your registration with spinner - - you now have  complete access to spinner ' s 150 + professionally programmed music channels  and the entire spinner . com website . and just to remind you , the player , the  website , and ( most importantly ! ) the music are all totally free .  * your user name is : junglo  we have omitted your password for your privacy . please hang on to this email  so you can easily retrieve your user name if you forget it .  * forget your password ? enter your user name and email address at our  password retrieval page and we ' ll email it to you :  * you can also change your email address from your my profile page :  http : / / www . spinner . com / profile /  * for download / installation assistance , visit our help pages :  http : / / www . spinner . com / help / download /  * if you have any questions or any problems at all , please email us at :  feedback @ spinner . com  our users listen to 20 million songs a week , from almost every genre of music  you can imagine . they also learn more about everything they hear by clicking  on the player :  * get bios on every artist you hear by clicking " artist info , " and purchase  their cds by clicking " buy this cd " .  * click " rate song " to let our djs know what you think of each song you hear  - - they ' ll use your feedback to determine song play .  * click " channel " to see this week ' s top 25 songs on the channel you ' re  playing , ranked in order of popularity .  * for even more great info on our channels and music , visit spinner . com . you  can find out what channels play your favorite artists , download great free  songs , and take part in cool promotions and contests .  thanks again for registering . if you like what you hear , tell a friend about  spinner .  enjoy the music !  the spinner crew  if you received this email in error , you can unsubscribe from our service  here :  http : / / www . spinner . com / unsubscribe /
HAM Subject: installation of new programs  phillip ,  how can i install new programs on my laptop , without  the administrator ' s privileges ?  one example : when i travel i use aol to get access to my mail  and to communicate with the office . windows 2000 does not allow  me to install it .  also , i have my private statistical software  i often use when i work at night during business trips .  i would like to load it as well .  vince
HAM Subject: vitro  brian ,  it looks like we should be able to cover vitro with the people in virgo ' s group . robert rimbau is currently very involved , and can stay involved and we can bring dave kristich if needed .  as we discussed , pursuant to the terms of the transition services agreement , we need to contact tractebel as soon as anyone listed on the schedule is unavailable . do you have the contact info for tractebel ?  thanks ,  don
HAM Subject: fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tom acton / corp / enron on 04 / 05 / 2000 04 : 15  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vance l taylor @ ect  04 / 05 / 2000 03 : 42 pm  to : tom acton / corp / enron @ enron  cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect  subject :  tom ,  please see the attached file calculating the final wellhead production  estimate for the month of april . this file has been updated with actual noms  sent in via the producer .  thanks ,  vlt  x 3 - 6353
HAM Subject: netco memo  see attached draft memo that outlines certain ferc issues for netco , if enron retains an interest .  - - regarding the portion about the new supply margin assessment ( sma ) test : i heard that ferc is reviewing whether to use this test , but i have not seen the order yet .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : yvonne coviello [ mailto : ymcoviel @ llgm . com ]  sent : wednesday , december 19 , 2001 5 : 12 pm  to : nicolay , christi l .  cc : samuel behrends  subject : revised newco memo  please see attached document .  yvonne m . coviello  leboeuf , lamb , greene & macrae , l . l . p .  1875 connecticut avenue , n . w .  washington , d . c . 20009 - 5728  direct dial : ( 202 ) 986 - 8044  fax : ( 202 ) 986 - 8102  email : ymcoviel @ llgm . com  this e - mail , including attachments , contains information that is confidential and may be protected by the attorney / client or other privileges . this e - mail , including attachments , constitutes non - public information intended to be conveyed only to the designated recipient ( s ) . if you are not an intended recipient , please delete this e - mail , including attachments , and notify me . the unauthorized use , dissemination , distribution or reproduction of this e - mail , including attachments , is prohibited and may be unlawful .  
HAM Subject: p . v . krishnarao ' s expenses  good afternoon sandeep :  i sent krishna ' s expenses for his recent trip to our accounting dept . this  morning and expensed them to the research group ' s co and rc # .  however , we need to be reimbursed for these expenses and i would like  to know the best way to do this . our accounting dept . thought we should  just send an invoice with the back up material to dabhol power co . asking  them to cut a check made payable to enron corp . and then it would be  credited to our co # and rc # .  please let me know if this is acceptable , and if so , who the invoice should  be made out to and where i should send it .  i appreciate your assistance in this matter .  have a great day !  shirley crenshaw  713 - 853 - 5290
HAM Subject: enw meeting / teambuilding event - jillian ' s - 7 / 19 / 01 - rsvp  required for attendance  please mark your calendars for the first annual all - employee meeting and teambuilding event at jillian ' s on thursday , 7 / 19 / 01 . this gathering is for all enw houston - based , full - time and part - time employees .  click the link below for further information and rsvp information . please note the deadline to rsvp has been extended to 7 / 11 / 01 , due to the july 4 th holiday .  please call peggy mccurley at x 31832 if you have any questions .  hope to see you there !  http : / / 207 . 21 . 193 . 94 / jillians / index . asp
HAM Subject: tycholiz  kari ,  john wants us to look at a new contract for tych which is more in line with the ones we have done just recently . can you :  ? let me know what john ' s original spreadsheet indicated as a recommendation  ? what we have given him in his current contract ( signed last nov )  ? what we have given to his direct reports .  i ' ll get with louise / john and agree what is appropriate .  david
HAM Subject: hpl nom for december 2 , 2000  ( see attached file : hplnl 202 . xls )  - hplnl 202 . xls
HAM Subject: mojave summary  michelle  i found another file where i have already detailed the measured and scheduled volumes through feb 200 . it wouldn ' t take that long to finish this spreadsheet if needed .  i will send it to you if you want it .  i will try to find an accountant type at el paso to determine what volume they have  richard
HAM Subject: formosa meter # : 1000  will there be a buyback ticket for formosa during august 2000 activity .  deal # : 92881 expired july 31 , 2000 .
HAM Subject: fw : cfc ' s authorization  louise ,  unofficial approval from cfc was received today . see details below .  thought you might be interested .  don  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : george , robert h .  sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 5 : 01 pm  to : ' " carlos ramos miranda " @ enron '  cc : miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; irvin , steve  subject : re : cfc ' s authorization  i was about to decide it would never happen . that is good news . thanks  robert h . george  enron north america corp .  1400 smith street eb 3832  houston texas 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 345 - 4159  fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3490  email : robert . h . george @ enron . com  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : " carlos ramos miranda " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 carlos + 20 ramos + 20 miranda + 22 + 20 + 3 ccrm + 40 bstl + 2 ecom + 2 emx + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ]  sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 4 : 52 pm  to : garcia , maria e . ; george , robert h . ; adriana . astivia - caraza ; raymundo enriquez  cc : est @ bstl . com . mx ; sfp @ bstl . com . mx  subject : cfc ' s authorization  dear all :  i am pleased to inform you that we have been unofficially informed that the  cfc has granted its authorization to the transaction . we will probably be  officially notified either tomorrow or monday .  you can verify this information at the following web page of the cfc :  sincerely ,  - -  carlos ramos miranda  barrera , siqueiros y torres landa , s . c .  this e - mail is private and confidential and contains information intended  only for the use of the person named above . if the recipient of this  message is not the one intended , you are hereby notified that any  dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is strictly  prohibited . if you have received this document in error , please send it to  postmaster @ bstl . com . mx  immediately . thank you .
HAM Subject: another bet  vince  i here you are running abook on how quickly we can implement convolution var  for power and since i am up against a summer deadline for this i felt i  should take the other side .  so how about i buy you dinner if i get it done ?  rgds  dp
HAM Subject: request submitted : access request for  pinnamaneni . krishnarao @ enron . com  you have received this email because the requester specified you as their vp .  please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000010552  request create date : 12 / 18 / 00 8 : 53 : 23 am  requested for : pinnamaneni . krishnarao @ enron . com  resource name : vpn  resource type : applications
HAM Subject: re : charm  jim ,  i shall be glad to talk to them .  vince  james l bouillion  04 / 24 / 2001 01 : 43 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : charm  vince , would you be agreeable to such a phone call , or would you prefer to  designate someone in your group ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james l bouillion / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001  01 : 41 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " bertil olsson " on 04 / 24 / 2001 01 : 40 : 06 pm  to : james . l . bouillion @ enron . com  cc : " carl groth " , " kenneth risko "  subject : re : charm  jim ,  thanks for the feed - back . to assist in the further development of the  product , are there any specific areas your group would like to see improved  ? based on comments made during our meeting , it sounded like your main  concern was whether or not charm would have the capacity to cover the very  different and complex risk areas that your company is involved in . would  you mind if someone from our charm group called you or mr . kaminski for  some specific comments ?  regards ,  bertil  james . l . bouillion @ enron . com on 04 / 24 / 2001 01 : 35 : 09 pm  to : bertil olsson / hou / us / wcg @ wcg  cc :  bcc :  subject : re : charm  bertil , i again wish to thank you for the presentation on the charm  product . the response from the group is that the model requires more work  before enron could consider it as a commercial product . please keep me  advised as i assume that you will continue to develop the model .  james l bouillion  04 / 11 / 2001 06 : 50 am  to : " bertil olsson " @ enron  cc :  subject : re : charm ( document link : james l bouillion )  no word yet . i will follow up with the attendees .  thanks for taking thje time to make the presentation .  " bertil olsson " on 04 / 10 / 2001 04 : 07 : 11 pm  to : james . l . bouillion @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : charm  jim ,  any feed - back on our meeting ? we certainly appreciated the opportunity and  the fact that the meeting was very interactive .  regards ,  bertil  the information in this email and in any attachments is confidential and  may be privileged . if you are not the intended recipient , please destroy  this message , delete any copies held on your systems and notify the sender  immediately . you should not retain , copy or use this email for any  purpose , nor disclose all or any part of its content to any other person .  the information in this email and in any attachments is confidential and  may be privileged . if you are not the intended recipient , please destroy  this message , delete any copies held on your systems and notify the sender  immediately . you should not retain , copy or use this email for any  purpose , nor disclose all or any part of its content to any other person .
HAM Subject: re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince )  kaminski : eva : remedy 412144  raul ,  raul ,  vince kaminiski is requesting acces to the technical view for catalog along with the ibuyit approval role . this is pending your approval . please send your response to sap security .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw @ ect  04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 01 pm  to : sapsecurity @ enron . com  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : ibuyit form  attached please find the completed form for vince kaminski , managing  director , research group .  he will be approving all purchases for cost center 107043 .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : debbie skinner / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 52 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / houston / eott @ eott , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ibuyit form  hi shirley  there were two shirleys , so sending to both  isc help desk
HAM Subject: october 2000 curve validation  dear all ,  attached please find the october 2000 curve validation summary . if  you have any questions , don ' t hesitate to call me at ext . 35257 .  best regards ,  maria teresa aguilera - peon
HAM Subject: our meeting next week  vince and grant ,  first let me apologize for cancelling our meeting with you this friday . i  hope we can reschedule next week as i ' ll arrive in houston monday mid - day .  i ' d love to talk to you as i know the knowledge base in your group related to  my new responsibilities is huge . will you be able to free up some time of  some of your team members to help us ?  as an example , i ' d like to show you our position book ( cash ) . it ' s far from  being perfect . i ' d like to know whether we should persevere and improve it  or whether there are some models in ena that we could copycat . . . .  i look forward to seeing you next week ,  remi
HAM Subject: market risk / operational risk report  attached below is a compilation of operational and information technology  issues that effect the timeliness , effectiveness and accuracy of the market  risk management daily analysis .  daily , we aggregate information regarding the origin of these issues to  better diagnose where time , money and resources should be allocated to  improve information flow .  please call me if you have any questions regarding this document .
HAM Subject: jaesoo lew  tanya : although you and i didn ' t have an opportunity to talk this morning ,  vince conveyed to me that an offer should be extended to jaesoo lew . he also  told me that jaesoo would be reporting to you . i need some information  concerning the position , so i am attaching a form that needs to be completed  and returned to me as quickly as possible . in the meantime , i will contact  jaesoo to verbally offer him the position .  please call me with any questions .  molly  x 34804
HAM Subject: max :  i would like to organize a vitro project review meeting during the next several weeks focusing on the technical risk in the deal and the mitigation measures we taking . the objective of the meeting is to ensure all related enron entities are supportive of the transaction and have had the opportunity to ask questions . this will reduce the chance that we will run into objections down the road on " technical risks " as we begin to ramp up our capital commitments . we had a similar meeting with the electrobolt team in enron s . america , that was very productive and accomplished the above objectives .  do you have a project presentation that you ( and / or the lead developer ) could discuss with the above team ? we could do it by phone - or better yet - the next time you are in houston . as many of the technical risk issues are also tied to commercial aspects of the deal we should also cover these areas as well ( e . g . , commercial objectives and obligations driving the technical design and implementation strategy ) .  i don ' t mean to be sticking my nose into your deal , other than to ensure that everyone is moving in the same direction so that we can get this implemented successfully .  let me know as to your availability ,  brian
HAM Subject: re : chicago partners  david ,  i sent a message with information to several different units but no  response so far . i think people need a specific need to focus  and i shall keep the chicago partners in mind when a relevant  project arrives . i shall resend the message with attachments on  cp in a few weeks as a reminder .  vince  vince  david _ barr @ enron . net on 03 / 01 / 2000 10 : 15 : 57 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc :  subject : chicago partners  vince ,  hope this finds you well . i am sure you are more than busy but i wanted to  see  where we stand with feedback regarding me coordinating a potential  presentation  by chris culp at cp risk management .  regards ,  david
HAM Subject: resume for margaret dhont  sally ,  as discussed , attached below is the resume for margaret dhont . you can  contact her in toronto at the following numbers :  work : ( 416 ) 462 - 9095  home : ( 416 ) 592 - 7304  email : margaret . dhont @ . com  we certainly appreciate any help you can be .  thanks ,  tom may .  phone ( 713 ) 853 - 1613  cell ( 713 ) 906 - 4279  pager ( 800 ) 320 - 4734
HAM Subject: hoston hoop - it - up 6 weeks away !  dear daren :  did you mark on your sporting event calendar to be in houston on may 5 th -  6 th at greenspoint mall for the largest 3 - on - 3 basketball action in the  country ? ? ? with less than 6 weeks until the entry deadline of april 25 th , the  hoop - it - up staff is gearing up and coming to town !  you should have received your entry form if you have played in the houston  event in the past but if not , please contact our local hotline at  713 - 521 - 4535 and our representative will take care of you right away . ? you  can also visit any houston - area foot locker or army recruiting station to  pick up an entry form right there on the spot . ? if you ' d like to enter even  faster , register online at www . hoopitup . com and waste no time at all getting  in on the action . ?  again , don ' t get left out of the game . . . call our hotline at 713 - 521 - 4535 for  more information or log on to our website at www . hoopitup . com !  no excuses . . . get into the game ! ! !  special thanks to our national sponsors for helping bring the 2001 hoop - it - up  tour to your city !  gatorade ? ? u . s . army ? ? slim jim ? ? southwest airlines ? ? foot locker
HAM Subject: opm survey  as a reminder , today is the deadline for completion of the opm survey . i am  including the body of the email sent monday in this regards which includes  the reference document and the link to the survey . thanks for your help and  hard work in this matter .  opm survey email sent earlier :  as communicated to you in an email dated september 19 , 2000 , we have  developed an easier and more efficient method of handling the operations  pricing model hours survey using microsoft access . the new & improved survey  is ready for your input for the month of september .  what to do :  1 ) attached is a reference document that lets you know the purpose of the  opm hours survey , prerequisites to using the tool , helpful hints and contact  information . please open and read .  2 ) click on the attached link to access the opm survey . please select " ok "  at the warning message that appears and continue on to the database . if you  have any questions / comments , please contact suzanne nicholie at ext . 5 - 7341 .  the opm team is available to support you while using this new tool . during  the next couple of days , one of the opm team members will be contacting each  of you to see if you need help or have any questions .  we are asking for a quick turn around of the completion of the survey and  although it is month end , quarter end and the planning process is near  completion , please complete the opm survey using the database by end of day ,  friday , october 6 .  thanks ,  james scribner
HAM Subject: 04 / 01 assignment , termination , expiration report - houston pipe  line  attached is the april 2001 assignment , termination & expiration report for houston pipe line ' s contracts . ( fyi - it contains all of the entries made by our group since the report was last done on 3 / 8 / 01 , regardless of the effective date . ) if you do not need to receive this report or if you know of someone else that should receive it , please let me know by e - mail or phone ( x - 36982 ) so that i can either remove your name from or add their name to the distribution list .
HAM Subject: talon  vince :  here is the document sent by ryan today . i did not have the chance to look at  it yet .  paulo issler  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paulo issler / hou / ect on 04 / 12 / 2000 04 : 19  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ryan siurek @ enron  04 / 12 / 2000 10 : 05 am  to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : draft analysis  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ryan siurek / corp / enron on 04 / 12 / 2000  10 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital management  from : trushar patel 04 / 11 / 2000 09 : 49 am  to : ryan siurek / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : draft analysis  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by trushar patel / corp / enron on 04 / 11 / 2000  09 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ian . c . dsouza @ us . pwcglobal . com on 04 / 04 / 2000 01 : 42 : 34 pm  to : trushar . patel @ enron . com  cc : steven . j . stampf @ us . pwcglobal . com , timothy . luehrman @ us . pwcglobal . com  subject : re : draft analysis  hi trushar  please find attached our draft analysis . it is still very preliminary as we  have not been provided the latest version of legal documents and so the  analysis  reflects our understanding of the economics of the transaction as outlined to  us  based on discussions with enron and available prior draft documentation . .  the analysis uses the enron share price as of march 28 , 2000 ( $ 72 . 81 ) and  assumes the ljm 2 distribution is based on $ 30 m or 25 % irr . we anticipated  that  this might reach 30 % irr based on enron discussions with ljm 2 .  please call steve stampf ' s phone number for tomorrow ' s conference call at  9 . 30 am  our time on 212 597 3162 .  regards  ( see attached file : raptor v 5 . ppt )  the information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which  it is addressed and may contain confidential and / or privileged material . any  review , retransmission , dissemination or other use of , or taking of any action  in reliance upon , this information by persons or entities other than the  intended recipient is prohibited . if you received this in error , please  contact the sender and delete the material from any computer .  - raptor v 5 . ppt
HAM Subject: dwr option expires  fyi - we proposed several alternatives to dwr that would effectively extend our put swaption through the end of april for a cost to ena of approximately $ 5 mm . none of those were acceptable to dwr . the option will therefore expire at 5 : 00 ppt today . vikram budraja , advisor to gov davis , suggested that we are not dealing in good faith and suggested that he will speak with ken lay ( we have heard this several dozen times ) . in any event , i expect to talk with dwr tomorrow to propose a short - term transaction . they might accept it , reject it or prefer one of the term option proposals .
HAM Subject: fw : real estate issues re : ubsw energy , llc in houston  i ' m thinking 3 and 4 are not as nice as 5 and 6 , but that this would be ok , and preferable to moving to the north tower and that we should be trying for a longer lease , with breaks we can exercise at our option . we should be in a good negotiating position .  thought ?  dave  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net )  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : mark . bridges @ ubsw . com  to : forster , david ; louise @ enron . com ; pat . odonnell @ ubsw . com  cc : beth . barrett @ ubsw . com ; bdugan @ ubspw . com  sent : mon jan 28 08 : 56 : 04 2002  subject : real estate issues re : ubsw energy , llc in houston  hello pat , louise , dave  the ubsw real estate department is reviewing the current / future lease  terms for ubsw energy llc , in houston . according to brian dugan , our  lead real estate guy on the bank side , the building owner has offered  a nine month lease to stay in the south tower on the 5 th and 6 th  floors . after the nine months we will be offered the option to sign  up for an additional 18 months but we could be moved down to floors 3  and 4 . is this a significant issue ? i understand that the 3 rd and  4 th floor foot prints are similar to 5 / 6 .  if ubsw energy is willing to relocate to the north tower , they can  get a lease for 5 - 9 years but this tower may be less suitable . what  are the issues here ?  the integration real estate team plans to meet this afternoon with  the bank ' s outside legal firm we use for real estate issues . we have  a target date of this friday to try to resolve all real estate issues  in order to meet the day 0 legal integration date of 2 / 6 / 02 .  your thoughts please .  mark  visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com  this message contains confidential information and is intended only  for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you  should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please  notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this  e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .  e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free  as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,  arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore  does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents  of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if  verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this  message is provided for informational purposes and should not be  construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or  related financial instruments .
HAM Subject: this is hillarious !  take a minute and call ( 800 ) 578 - 7453 and listen to the greeting of the brown  & williamson tobacco company . at the point where you are asked to select an  extension , hang up .  david heineke  dheineke @ tsteel . com
HAM Subject: organizational announcement  enron global markets ended the year with a great deal of momentum and with  very high expectations for 2001 . in order to better focus and expand the  various businesses within global markets , we are pleased to announce the  following organizational changes .  crude and products  this group is being re - organized into product lines in order to better focus  and maximize coverage and increase our market - making abilities . the  following individuals leading these groups report directly to john nowlan .  global crude oil  don schroeder and bill white will manage our global crude oil books . don  , s  emphasis will be on the development and expansion of our physical crude  positions both domestically and abroad . bill will manage the various  financial crude positions globally and will focus on developing these books .  distillate  chris mahoney will have responsibility of all distillate positions . chris  will focus on developing our global distillate strategy , building the  business both physically and financially .  global fuel oil  niamh clarke will expand her role managing our global fuel oil and resid  positions . emphasis will be placed on re - establishing enron in the financial  fuel market in the us and developing a physical fuel strategy .  global gasoline and components  jim goughary will assume responsibility for our global gasoline and  components business . following up on our expansion into the european market  in 2000 , we look forward to jim expanding our presence in the us as well as  asian markets .  global lpg  erik hansen and adam gross will be responsible for the development and  execution of our global lpg trading and strategy . under their guidance we  look to expand our presence into the asian pacific markets , as well as  continuing to grow our us and european operations .  petrochemical and plastics  stuart bland and douglas friedman will be responsible for the continued  development and growth of our petrochemical and plastics business . they will  work to further expand both our physical and financial presence in these  markets .  fuel management  doug leach will continue in his role developing our fuel management business  as well as other long - term structural transactions .  global origination  randy maffett has joined the group to lead , develop and grow all global  origination activities for the group . randy  , s most recent assignment was in  restructuring several equity investments for ena .  enron freight  this new group under the leadership of dan reck is developing a business in  the inter - modal transportation area in the united states . shawn cumberland  has joined this group to lead and expand the origination opportunities in  this business . shawn  , s most recent assignment was as coo of the calme region .  global risk management  jere overdyke has elected to leave enron after almost 10 years of service .  per sekse will take over the leadership of this very exciting and growing  business . per is located in enron  , s new york office but will be spending a  significant amount of his time in houston .  we look forward to this year and feel the above changes will provide the  focus and momentum we need to deliver a record performance in 2001 .  please congratulate everyone on their new assignments .
HAM Subject: alliance update  note : alliance says they are flowing 40 - 50 % of capacity at this time  ( 400 - 500 mmbtu / d  hitting the chicago market ) . it sounds like they have not yet been able to  commission the  aux sable plant because of the trash gas they are still pushing through .  some predictors  are saying the delay may get longer .  alliance service delay extended to end of november  alliance pipeline conceded yesterday that its commercial in - service date will  have to be delayed for the third time , this time until the end of november ,  because of continued problems with debris in the pipe and trouble getting the  enormously complex components of the system working in sync . the 1 , 900 - mile  project originally was supposed to be in service oct . 1 .  " normal commissioning activities are continuing and most of the debris has  been removed from the line , " says alliance ceo norm gish . " however , periodic  reductions in the flow of test gas due to the debris have complicated the  required integration with concurrent commissioning activities at the aux  sable liquid products processing facility near chicago . " a spokesman said the  debris included " bits of foam " that came off equipment used to extract  moisture following hydrostatic testing .  the complexity of the alliance pipeline operations also has led some  observers to predict a lengthy delay before commercial service . the pipeline  has an immensely complicated system patented by alliance engineers that is  designed to transport gas liquids in a gas phase with the 1 . 325 bcf / d of  natural gas from british columbia and northern alberta through 1 , 900 miles of  pipe to the aux sable liquids extraction plant near chicago . the pipeline  also incorporates a cutting edge electronic control system designed to allow  the pipeline to be operated by a single pilot in a downtown calgary control  room . alliance operators say they are actually operating three pipelines : a  physical pipe , a paper pipe and an e - pipe , which brings all aspects of the  operation together around the clock 365 days a year . " it ' s a tremendously  complicated system and all the parts are interdependent , for it to work , they  all have to work together . "  regardless of the delay , however , alliance already is flowing a large amount  of gas into the chicago market . " at this point in our commissioning  activities , the system is flowing at approximately 40 to 50 % of capacity . we  expect to continue increasing the volume of test gas and approaching our firm  delivery capacity of 37 . 5 million cubic meters ( 1 . 325 bcf ) per day prior to  the end of november . "  - -
HAM Subject: enron year end 2000 performance management process  reminder , enron ' s year - end 2000 performance management process has begun !  during the feedback phase you will need to access pep at  http : / / pep . corp . enron . com to suggest reviewers who can provide feedback on  your performance . you may also be requested to provide feedback on fellow  employees , but the system will only be open for feedback until november 17 th !  helpdesk representatives will be available to answer questions throughout the  process . you may contact the helpdesk at :  houston : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4  london : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4  e - mail : perfmgmt @ enron . com  your user id & password for pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com are :  user id : 90011947  password : welcome
HAM Subject: re : annual report var disclosures - open items  i spoke to greg adams on the eog commodity affiliate positions . he has never  supplied var on these . we have no information on these . you need to ask  whoever supplies you the quarterly numbers to supply you with the non - quarter  end months .  jill  enron global finance  from : jill erwin 01 / 25 / 2000 05 : 23 pm  to : georgeanne hodges / hou / ect @ ect  cc : steve ross / hou / ect @ ect , jeff nogid / hou / ect @ ect , eugenio  perez / hou / ect @ ect , tony harris / hou / ect @ ect , jan johnson / gpgfin / enron @ enron ,  bob shults / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck @ ect , jennifer  stevenson / aa / corp / enron @ enron , derek claybrook / aa / corp / enron @ enron , faith  killen / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : annual report var disclosures - open items  see colored notes below .  from : georgeanne hodges 01 / 25 / 2000 03 : 25 pm  to : jill erwin / hou / ect @ ect , steve ross / hou / ect @ ect , jeff nogid / hou / ect @ ect ,  eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect , tony harris / hou / ect @ ect  cc : jan johnson / gpgfin / enron @ enron , bob shults / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck @ ect ,  jennifer stevenson / aa / corp / enron @ enron , derek claybrook / aa / corp / enron @ enron ,  faith killen / hou / ect @ ect  subject : annual report var disclosures - open items  this is part ii of the open items on var , addressing ecm , pge & affiliate  books  from my review of eugenio ' s consolidated var spreadsheet , the following  listed items are those that are open that we need information from  you on . corp . is looking to type the first draft of the annual report ( to  be discussed with the audit committee ) this friday , so we need your help with  this information as soon as possible . if you will not be able to have all of  the information to eugenio by thursday night , please let me know . we may be  able to give you some additional time to gather some of the smaller pieces .  if you need to forward this on to others , please do so .  aa if you know of any other issues of completeness that i have not addressed ,  please let eugenio and i know !  * have aa and jan johnson concluded that we only need to include the puts on  the enron stock ? if so we need all twelve months of comparable data as  applicable . steve ross sent to eugenio on monday ( yesterday ) . let him  know if he needs to re - send it .  * are the swaps shown on the ecm fn 3 schedule for the phantom stock plan the  puts that we have been talking about ? if not do these swaps need to be  included in var and the non - trading portion of fn 3 ? i haven ' t seen them  before . these are new puts . i checked with jan . she said to include the  positions as non - trading equity . the trades were both done in november by  gary hickerson ' s group . be sure he hasn ' t included them in his numbers .  we ' ll get the var for november and december to you on wednesday . ( steve ,  this is yours ) .  * what is yosemite ? is it a trs that i need to include in var and fn 3 ?  internally we call it a swap but in the legal document it is called an  agreement . it ' s actually more of a guarantee . i talked to jan about it and  we don ' t think it goes in fn 3 .  * for non - trading i \ r and f \ x , we are still missing all non - quarter end  months . jeff , this ones yours . we need to send the information to  research and have them run the var monthly in 2000 also .  * pge - january , february and march var is missing on eugenio ' s schedule . i  don ' t have a clue what pge ' s information is . i only know about rhythms which  is in a separate section . you ' ll have to ask pge .  * what month was the eog sale effective ? we need commodity affiliate for all  of the non - quarter end months prior to the sale . the sale took place august  16 . i have never even heard of any eog commodity affiliate position . i was  told greg adams handled these at one point . i ' ll ask him tomorrow .
HAM Subject: phone time  dear dr . kaminski  thanks for your arrangement . i have received email from shirley . either  wednesday or thursday will be fine to me . i am looking forward to talking to  you at that time . it is always my pleasure to work with you .  best wishes  quentin kerr  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  quentin kerr , email : qkerr @ maths . uq . edu . au  room : 67 - 625 tel : ( 07 ) 33461428  department of mathematics , the university of queensland
HAM Subject: job # 104210  hello jerry ,  i would like to refer a friend of mine that is really interested in joining  enron to the sr . specialist position in your group . he has an mba degree from  mexico ' s leading business school and extensive trading and risk management  experience . i ' m enclosing his resume for your reference , and feel free to  contact me or him directly .  thanks for your attention ,  catherine simoes
HAM Subject: planning weekly report  attached is the weekly report for ets planning for the week ending august 24 , 2001 .  please call with any questions .  - morgan gottsponer
HAM Subject: re : coastal oil & gas corporation  melissa ,  deal ticket # 325550 has been created and entered in sitara .  bob  enron north america corp .  from : melissa graves 07 / 07 / 2000 03 : 34 pm  to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect  cc : donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , vance l  taylor / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , hillary  mack / corp / enron @ enron , amelia alland / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation  albrecht # 4 well  meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx  bob ,  per george ' s note below , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the  producer listed below for the production month of july . this production will  be purchased on a " spot " basis and a deal ticket should be created and  entered into sitara based on the following information :  counterparty meter volume price  coastal oil & gas corporation 4179 , albrecht # 4 well 7 / 7 / 00 - 1 , 500 mmbtu / d  7 / 8 / 00 - 3 , 000 mmbtu / d  7 / 9 / 00 thru 7 / 31 / 00 - 4 , 000 mmbtu / d 93 % if / hsc  additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im  wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract .  thanks ,  melissa  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000 03 : 03  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : george weissman 07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 11 pm  to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect  cc : sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect , robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente  sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a  allen / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation  albrecht # 4 well  meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx  melissa ,  based on the attached contract preparation request for a spot gtc for the  coastal oil the  legal department has prepared and is currently circulating a ratification and  consent to assign document to reflect this transaction .  the spot gtc requested herein will cover gas from the albrecht # 4 well only .  the albrecht # 4 will not be covered by 96008903 , nor will the wells currently  subject to 96008903 be subject to the spot gtc .  shawna , please prepare the termination letter for 96008903 as requested .  george x 3 - 6992  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000  01 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  debbie boudar @ enron  07 / 06 / 2000 03 : 25 pm  to : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect  cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m  riley / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation  albrecht # 4 well  meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx  in regards to meter 098 - 4179 the following information is what i have been  able to determine from the information available to me .  to your questions :  1 . cannot determine who owns this meter . i will contact molly carriere on  monday when she returns .  2 . hpl has a fifty ( 50 ) ft . easement at this location which does contain  language for appurtenance rights within the 50 ' .  3 . i pulled the meter file for this location which was prepared during  project rock and it does not contain a facility agreement so i am assuming  one was not located .  hope this helps .  from : george weissman @ ect 07 / 06 / 2000 11 : 09 am  to : debbie boudar / na / enron @ enron  cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m  riley / hou / ect @ ect  subject : coastal oil & gas corporation  albrecht # 4 well  meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx  debbie ,  meter 098 - 4179 is located at sta . plus 40 + 85 on align . dwg . hc - 1130 - 18 - h in  goliad co . , tx . in connection with the facility agreement request below , we  need to know the following :  1 . who owns the meter , hplc or the operator ?  2 . do we own an easement and an access right of way to the meter station ?  3 . is there , to your knowledge , a facility agreement in place covering this  meter ? we cannot locate such an agreement in our records .  thanks . george x 3 - 6992  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 06 / 2000  11 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : george weissman 07 / 06 / 2000 09 : 37 am  to : shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect  cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , vicente  sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , lal  echterhoff / hou / ect @ ect , james r haden / hou / ect @ ect  subject : coastal oil & gas corporation  albrecht # 4 well  meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx  shawna ,  attached is a contract preparation request for a facilities agreement for the  coastal oil the  legal department has prepared and is currently circulating a ratification and  consent to assign document to reflect this transaction .  we have been unable to locate an existing facility agreement for the 3  previously drilled wells and suspect that no such agreement exists .  the facility agreement requested herein is intended to cover only alterations  to be made to existing meter 098 - 4179 to install an h 2 s monitor and necessary  valving to allow hplc to accept gas from the newly drilled albrecht # 4 well .  once the h 2 s monitor has been installed and the albrecht # 4 well is ready to  flow , we intend to paper the purchase of gas from the albrecht # 4 well only  via a spot confirmation pursuant to a spot gtc . the albrecht # 4 will not be  covered by 96008903 , nor will the wells currently subject to 96008903 be  subject to the spot gtc .  coastal will reimburse hplc $ 39 , 600 for the cost of the installation .  george x 3 - 6992  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 06 / 2000  09 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : george weissman 07 / 04 / 2000 01 : 28 pm  to : lal echterhoff / hou / ect @ ect , pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron  cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , vicente  sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , james r haden / hou / ect @ ect , donnie  mccabe / gco / enron @ enron , mark walch / gco / enron @ enron , steve hpl  schneider / hou / ect @ ect  subject : coastal oil & gas corporation  albrecht # 4 well  meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx  lal ,  we intend to attempt to connect about 4 , 000 mmbtu / d of new production from  the newly drilled coastal oil in may , 2000 , the meter flowed about 960  mmbtu / d of 3 . 36 % co 2 gas .  the content of the albrecht # 4 gas according to the field gas analysis  prepared by coastal oil the albrecht # 4 h 2 s content  is similar to that of the three wells currently producing 960 mmbtu / d behind  meter 098 - 4179 , the miller - albrecht unit # 1 - a and the hoff heller gas unit  # 1 a & # 2 d . coastal further purports that for some time now it ( and / or its  predecessor , mjg , corp . ) has treated these three wells for h 2 s in a manner  sufficient to reduce the h 2 s content delivered into hplc to permissible  levels . coastal has further indicated that it intends to reduce the h 2 s  content of the albrecht # 4 to permissible levels before delivering same to  hplc . in your opinion , should coastal be forced to install an h 2 s monitor  for this new gas prior to flowing same to hplc ?  george x 3 - 6992  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 04 / 2000  12 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  christy sweeney  06 / 29 / 2000 04 : 56 pm  to : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect  cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , melissa  graves / hou / ect @ ect , joanne wagstaff / na / enron @ enron , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect  subject : transport request for coastal albrecht # 4 , goliad county , tx  lisa ,  attached is our physical well connect form , including a transportation quote  sheet , for the coastal albrecht # 4 well in goliad county , tx . please  provide us with a transport quote . i have attached below a quote you gave us  in april 2000 . the volume is now 5 , 000 / day .  i am headed that way with a map that shows the well ' s location in relation to  us , tejas , koch , and tetco . please note 2 % fuel .  thank you ! ! !  christy  39050  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christy sweeney / hou / ect on 06 / 29 / 2000  02 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : lisa hesse 04 / 07 / 2000 10 : 48 am  to : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , heidi  withers / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect ,  susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l  taylor / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect  subject : mjg , inc . meter 4179 and cokinos meter 9676  brian ,  here are the transport rates for the below meters :  mjg meter 4179 3 . 39 % co 2 1 year quote april 00  rel : 1180 avg . 1200 - 1988 . 014  loc . . 05  p / l density . 02  quality . 049  market adjustment . 05  _ _ _ _  . . 183  less discount and market fee . 02  _ _ _ _  . 16  please call if you have any questions or comments . lisa 3 5901
HAM Subject: re :  paul received the standard business reorg package as a consequence of the storage group under jean mrha being dissolved . based on his service and salary , paul will receive 59 , 232 . 92 ( assuming he signs a waiver and release )  additionally , scott hendrickson , after 30 days of looking for a position ( requested by lavo ) , will receive 32 , 691 . 38 ( assuming he signs a separation agreement ) . he was terminated for performance .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : friday , october 12 , 2001 3 : 35 pm  to : jones , robert w . - hr exec  cc : slone , jeanie ; fitzpatrick , amy  subject :  if anyone ever gets from us a leaving package i or john want to know about it .  thanks  louise  case in point paul bienawski ?
HAM Subject: ena organizational changes  ena  , s first quarter performance has been outstanding which has been achieved  by the exceptional talent and hard work of all ena employees . ena  , s ability  to quickly move people to new business ventures and market opportunities ,  such as enron net works , reinforces the depth of talent in ena , our continued  commitment to encourage innovation and creativity in all things we do and our  enthusiasm to support people in pursuing new ideas .  accordingly , following the recently announced launch of enron net works and  the associated personnel movements , we are pleased to announce the following  changes within ena effective immediately .  john lavorato will be relocating from calgary to houston to oversee all ena  risk management and trading activities and will report to the office of the  chairman . john will have direct responsibility for all natural gas , power ,  emissions , equities and rates trading . as well , john will have direct  responsibility for the risk management and trading functions within the pulp  & paper , coal and global risk ( weather and insurance ) businesses . otherwise ,  the pulp & paper , coal and global risk businesses will report to the office  of the chairman . following john  , s departure from canada , we have asked rob  milnthorp to be the president of enron canada .  following the departure of greg piper , the industrial origination team will  be co - headed by jim ajello , rodney malcolm and edward ondarza who will report  to the office of the chairman . jim , rodney and edward will work as a team to  ensure the continued growth of ena  , s large industrial capability .  notwithstanding their joint accountability , each will have a distinct focus  and responsibility within the industrial group . jim ajello will focus on the  coverage and marketing efforts for all industrial segments except pulp and  paper . edward ondarza will focus on our market making , coverage and  marketing efforts in the pulp and paper industry . rodney malcolm will focus  on product development , structuring and execution functions for all  industrial segments .  we have asked jeff donahue to oversee all ena corporate development and  principal investing activities and will report to the office of the  chairman . corporate development will continue to seek strategic acquisition  opportunities in existing and new businesses . the principal investing group  will continue to focus on equity and venture capital syle investments in high  growth business lines which are directly related to ena  , s core businesses or  are significantly influenced by trends related to our business . given this  change , ray bowen will be solely responsible for the management of ena  , s  commercial transactions ( ctg ) group .  with the departure of ron slimp to ebs , scott tholan will be managing our  competitive analysis and reporting group and will report to john lavorato .  please join us in congratulating all of the individuals in their new roles  and responsibilities .
HAM Subject: fw : governance of ubs warburg  sending on behalf of dave forster .  please let me know if you need anything else .  lorraine  governance of ubs warburg energy llc  the integration committee agreed on the following governance structure for the enron integration  with immediate effect :  1 . transitional steering committee  this committee will be responsible for the overall management and co - ordination of the integration  efforts for both the initial launch date and the later disentanglement date at the end of 2002 .  committee members :  ubsw ubsw energy  mike hutchins ( co - chair ) greg whalley ( co - chair )  pat o ' donnell louise kitchen  mike bolin  proposed logistics :  ? this committee will meet on a weekly basis until shortly after the launch date , and then bi - monthly  thereafter until december 31 2002 .  ? minutes will be distributed to senior ubs and enron management only .  ? proposed time - wednesday 8 : 30 am cst  2 . integration committee  this committee will be responsible for the day - to - day management and co - ordination of the  integration efforts for both the initial launch date and the later disentanglement date at the end of  2002 . any issues , which this committee cannot resolve , will be escalated to the transitional  steering committee .  proposed committee members :  function ubsw ubsw energy  management pat o ' donnell ( co - chair ) louise kitchen ( co - chair )  program management mark bridges , david forster  beth barrett d ' auria  cfi mike hutchins ,  collette dow  operations ernie pittarelli sally beck  legal louis eber mark haedicke  financial operations per dyrvik wes colwell  credit bill glass bill bradford  market risk mike stockman david port  it matt meinel jay webb  infrastructure jenny rub  canada peter keohane  security steve kinross  corp . communications claudia robinson  sid karpoff  hr audrey martin , oxley , david  cheryl roberts  corp . services bruce reilly wes colwell  cre markus buergler jeff golden  governance of ubs warburg energy llc  24 / 01 / 2002 2  proposed logistics :  ? this committee will meet on a weekly basis until reviewed at december 31 2002 .  ? minutes will be distributed to the transitional steering committee and team members as  appropriate .  ? time - thursday 9 : 00 am cst  3 . gas and power operating committee :  this committee will be responsible for the operational running of the gas and power trading  business . the initial focus of this group will be the re - starting of the business . following the  relaunch the purpose of the management committees will be to push through its strategic plans  and targets globally , to be able to react to market changes quickly , and provide a forum for  communication across all locations . these committees should also maintain , and develop further ,  any synergies between the gas and power business and other ubs businesses .  proposed committee members :  ubsw energy  louise kitchen ( co - chair )  greg whalley ( co - chair )  tim belden  chris calger  john lavorato  kevin presto  hunter shively  rob milnthorp  plus ad hoc members of the logistical support functions as and when required  proposed logistics :  ? this committee will meet on a weekly basis but not before march 2002 .  ? prior to march 2002 , this committee will be replaced by two sub - committees - the operational  re - start sub - committee and the commercial re - start sub - committee .  3 ( i ) operational restart sub - committee  this subcommittee will be responsible for ensuring that the support functionality is full available at  the restart date .  proposed sub - committee members :  function ubsw ubsw energy  pat o ' donnell ( co - chair ) louise kitchen ( co - chair )  mike bridges  operations sally beck  legal mark haedicke  financial operations wes colwell  credit bill bradford  market risk david port  it jay webb  infrastructure jenny rub  canada peter keohane  program management david forster  governance of ubs warburg energy llc  24 / 01 / 2002 3  proposed logistics :  ? this sub - committee will meet weekly until disbanded .  ? time tuesday 8 : 00 am cst  3 ( ii ) commercial re - start sub - committee  this subcommittee will be responsible for ensuring that the ubs warburg energy counterparties  are capable of transacting with our new company in the shortest time possible and in the most  efficient way for both the counterparty and ubs warburg energy .  proposed sub - committee members :  function ubsw ubsw energy  louise kitchen  legal bryan murtaugh mark taylor  elizabeth sager / leslie hansen  mary cook / jeff hodge  credit bill glass bill bradford  peter keohane  barry tycholiz  frank vickers  laura luce  rob milnthorp  chris calger  program management david forster  other members to be announced  proposed logistics :  ? this sub - committee will meet weekly until disbanded .  ? time tuesday 10 : 00 am cst
HAM Subject: re : meter 1517  gary - we did not deliver gas to phillips on dec . 1 . also , i am not sure if  the plant was down , but we did not deliver to them on dec . 2 - 4 . if you have  any questions , please let me know .  aimee  enron north america corp .  from : gary w lamphier 01 / 10 / 2001 08 : 55 am  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect  cc : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : meter 1517  phillips said we shorted them gas on december lst so they pulled it on  january 1 . can we verify that we did not deliver 5 , 00 on dec . 1 ? if that is  the case and this was a firm sale , we owe him some gas at dec index less  ( . 045 ) . which is bad ! let me know what happened in dec before i can put  this deal out in jan .  daren j farmer  01 / 09 / 2001 02 : 25 pm  to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : meter 1517  gary ,  have you negotiated a price on this ?  d  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 01 / 09 / 2001  02 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  aimee lannou 01 / 02 / 2001 02 : 14 pm  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : meter 1517  daren - meter 1517 has a nom of 0 / day for jan . it flowed about 5 . 400 on day  1 . this is a valid flow . could you please extend the deal from dec . ( deal #  506192 ) or create a new one ? thanks .  al
HAM Subject: re : uc - berkeley graduate student  thank you for your email .  i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  rajnish  on tue , 24 oct 2000 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > rajnish ,  >  > we shall invite you for an interview in houston .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > rajnish kamat on 10 / 23 / 2000 07 : 55 : 31 pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : uc - berkeley graduate student  >  >  > dr . vincent kaminski  > managing director and head of research  > enron corp .  >  > dear dr . kaminski ,  > it was a pleasure talking with you and attending your talk today .  > i am a graduate student in industrial engg . and operations  > research working with prof . shmuel oren  > on topics in financial instrument pricing and design of  > contracts in deregulated electricity markets . i am also  > doing research in auction models and computable equilibrium  > models with applications in electricity market design .  >  > i am planning to graduate with a ph . d . in may 2001 and would  > appreciate hearing about any opportunities in your group at enron .  > i am attaching at copy of my resume ( file : cvrkamat . doc ) for your perusal .  >  > thanking you ,  > sincerely ,  >  > rajnish kamat  > graduate student  > ieor , uc - berkeley  >  > 4135 , etcheverry hall  > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  > university of california at berkeley  > berkeley , ca , 94710  >  > ( see attached file : cvrkamat . doc )  >  >  >
HAM Subject: 8 : 30 am trade count  hi louise ,  we are having a typical trading pace so far today . it is too early to tell if any counterparty is really cutting back . like yesterday , however , aquila is buying longer dated physical gas and selling spot gas ; so once again they are a big net buyer .  trade counts , by 8 : 30 am , since october 1 :  trade date trade cnt  11 / 7 / 2001 2314  11 / 6 / 2001 2504  11 / 5 / 2001 2340  11 / 4 / 2001 7  11 / 3 / 2001 18  11 / 2 / 2001 2288  11 / 1 / 2001 2484  10 / 31 / 2001 2374  10 / 30 / 2001 2021  10 / 29 / 2001 2259  10 / 27 / 2001 7  10 / 26 / 2001 2395  10 / 25 / 2001 2875  10 / 24 / 2001 2292  10 / 23 / 2001 2637  10 / 22 / 2001 2303  10 / 21 / 2001 15  10 / 20 / 2001 1  10 / 19 / 2001 2624  10 / 18 / 2001 2192  10 / 17 / 2001 2313  10 / 16 / 2001 2101  10 / 15 / 2001 1710  10 / 14 / 2001 8  10 / 13 / 2001 7  10 / 12 / 2001 1906  10 / 11 / 2001 1999  10 / 10 / 2001 1786  10 / 9 / 2001 1853  10 / 8 / 2001 1824  10 / 7 / 2001 3  10 / 6 / 2001 5  10 / 5 / 2001 1939  10 / 4 / 2001 2365  10 / 3 / 2001 1935  10 / 2 / 2001 1641  10 / 1 / 2001 1876
HAM Subject: new website for power east  competitive analysis has created a website to house sensitive and confidential information / reports . it is currently located at epr . corp . enron . com and can be accessed via your nt logon and password . we are currently in the process of linking the site to the power east fundamentals site and will let you know once it is completed .  if you have any questions regarding the site , report information , or additional tasking , please feel free to contact its creators and report authors - kristin walsh ( 3 - 9510 ) or kelly holman ( 3 - 9844 ) .  some of the information includes :  california update  midwest strike / union update  ontario deregulation  pipeline information  western issues  thanks ,  kristin walsh  ( 713 ) 853 - 9510
HAM Subject: investments meeting agenda  john , wes and michael ,  the purpose of tomorrow ' s meeting is to discuss a few of the investments that we are planning on transferring to the new investment group . the specific issues are as follows :  ? encorp - the value of this investment was written up from $ 3 million to $ 9 . 85 million in q 4 2000 without justification . it should be written back down at the end of this quarter . otherwise , we are going to have a bigger problem later .  ? dais analytic - same issue as above . investment was written up from $ 8 million to $ 20 million . it should be written back down this quarter .  ? amps - this is a problem . this company is going to continue to need capital ( an additional $ 7 million immediately ) well beyond what enron should be funding . i am not willing to provide this company with ongoing funding without significant further evaluation . if it is that important to the strategic effort of ena , then i recommend that ena continue to manage the company and provide financing .  ? bridgeline - after further evaluation , it is clear that this is not a merchant investment and should not be moved to my group . i spoke with jeff donahue , and we both agree that if you want it sold , then his team should be the right one to do it .  ? copel - this one is fuzzy , but jeff donahue and i have agreed that one of us should take responsibility for exiting this investment . we still need to figure this one out .  kg
HAM Subject: natural gas nomination for december 2000  enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the  methanol plant for december 2000 :  33 , 000 mmbtu per day  egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at  morgan ' s point for december 2000 :  12 , 000 mmbtu per day for the first 15 days of the month . none for the last  half of the month . mtbe plant will be down after december 15 .
HAM Subject: video conference with ross mcintyre  vince ,  you should have received an invitation through lotus notes which outlines the  vc location for the conference call tomorrow . it is schedule for 4 : 30 pm uk  time ( 10 : 30 am houston time )  ross ' s background is from investment banking ex dresner bank , he has a phd in  mathematical and is currently with speedwell weather derivatives where he has  been developing weather derivative pricing and portfolio optimisation tools  which they have been marketing to end - users with weather risks .  the attached word documents are articles that he has written for publication .  regards  nick mooney  - mcs . doc  - analytic . doc  - par . doc
HAM Subject: ferc approves pg & e nw it allocation procedure  quick change in pg & e nw it allocation  within hours of a ferc vote yesterday ratifying proposed changes in its  interruptible transportation ( it ) queue , pg & e gas transmission northwest  announced new procedures effective today .  the commission rejected shippers complaints to the new scheme and accepted  pg & e nw ' s tariff sheets as of oct . 25 , saying the revisions were " generally  in accord with industry practice and will simplify capacity allocation  procedures . "  under the revised tariff pg  if there are more confirmed it nominations from shippers all paying the  maximum rate , then it capacity will be allocated pro - rata to the confirmed  nominations . ~ for example , if the capacity constraint were at station 14 , a  shipper with a confirmed nomination paying maximum rate from stanfield to  malin would be allocated capacity pro rata with a shipper with a confirmed  nomination at the maximum rate for service from kingsgate to malin .  second to shippers paying discounted rates or negotiated rates at less then  the maximum rate . the discounted / negotiated it space will be allocated on  highest to lowest total revenue ( rate x mileage ) . ~ for example , a shipper  with a confirmed nomination for service with a total revenue per dth of $ 0 . 11  would be awarded capacity ahead of a shipper with a confirmed nomination for  service with a total revenue of $ 0 . 10 , regardless of the path nominated .  discounted it shippers having the same total revenue will be allocated space  on a pro ration of their confirmed nominations . "  questions can be addressed to pg & e nw ' s transportation coordinator at  503 - 833 - 4300 .
HAM Subject: re : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice  the question is not that " cut and dry " . however , for the month of march enron paid spinnaker @ if hsc - $ 0 . 085 .  currently the volume is posted under deal ticket # 144271 with is the deal tick for gas daily production .  this production should be moved to deal ticket # 144264 with is the if .  from : tess ray / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 26 / 2001 03 : 48 pm  to : mary ellenberger / corp / enron @ enron  cc : daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate  subject : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice  mary -  do you pay spinnaker , for gas purchases ? ( see daren ' s question below , re : 03 / 01 purchase price from spinnaker ( # 144271 hakemack , cynthia ; howard , charles  cc : farmer , daren j .  subject : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice  importance : high  charlene / cindy / charles :  can either of you answer darren ' s question to me below ? my sales deal is under ena .  thanks ,  tess  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : farmer , daren j .  sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 3 : 20 pm  to : ray , tess  subject : re : fw : march 2001 invoice  tess ,  we probably should be invoicing selling to dow at if . however , we should also have purchased the supply from spinnaker ( # 144271 bellamy , liz  subject : re : fw : march 2001 invoice  tess there is a deal out there for the blue dolphin s # 745589 . and there are three deal out there for csgt # 639612 , # 639615 , # 745589 . the problem is that none of these deals have actuals . it looks as though they have not been nom ' d .  daren are these deals real or what ? why have they not been nom ' d ? could they be under another dow company ?  tess , i ' m leaving the office for a little bit today . but i ' ll be back this afternoon .  julie  from : tess ray / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 24 / 2001 08 : 11 am  to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : fw : march 2001 invoice  julie -  please help ! per dow hydrocarbon ' s accountant , marilu trochta ' s e - mail below , ( with attachment ) , there are volume and price discrepancies with what ena billed them and what she reflects in her system . ena invoice # 24636 sa invoiced dow hydrocarbons and resources , inc , on csgt @ b 368 - brazos , per deal number sa 639615 , @ 685 per day ( 3 / 1 / 01 - 3 / 31 / 01 ) @ hsc gdp d . a . - $ 0 . 07 / mmbtu . vs . the 18 , 457 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 that dow has and ena did not invoice them for sales on bluedolphin 250 and 249 vs . the 5 , 459 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 & 18 , 218 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 that dow reflects . i realize that the volumes ena billed on the brazos are estimates or noms . problem : i need to confirm the march 2001 , sale @ brazos ( volume & price ) in addition to the sale @ blue dolphin 250 & 249 ( volume & price ) . can you print the confirmations for me ? also , sitara does not show me who the trader is for this deal , and by chance do you know who the scheduler ( s ) are ?  thanks ,  tess  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : " trochta , mary ( ml ) " > @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 trochta + 2 c + 20 mary + 20 + 28 ml + 29 + 22 + 20 + 3 cmltrochta + 40 dow + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 5 : 52 pm  to : ray , tess  subject : march 2001 invoice  - book 2 . xls >
HAM Subject: hpl nom for june 17 , 2000  ( see attached file : hplo 617 . xls )  - hplo 617 . xls
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 24 ;  start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121224 . txt
HAM Subject: calpine daily gas nomination  > yesterdays ( 10 th ) as we spoke of by  phone .  - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc
HAM Subject: colstrip cut 8 / 01 / 01  to whom this may concern :  please note that colstrip tripped @ approx . 13 : 20 today . i picked up tranny from bpa ( mid - c to mpc sys ) for 62 mw . the first hour of the cut was an integrated number of 41 mw . after starting he 15 on the cut was for the full 62 mw each hour . the deal numbers affected by this cut were reduced by the appropriate amount ( 711291 and 709803 ) and new deals were made to correct enpower . these new deals are 714148 and 714150 .  if you have any questions please see me . my number @ the real time desk is 1 - 800 - 684 - 1336 .  regards ,  bert meyers
HAM Subject: todd hall  can we please have the rc that should be charged for the upgrade for todd ' s  housing from single to accompanied ?  thanks ,  jane  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jane allen / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000 08 : 31 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tara rozen  03 / 17 / 2000 02 : 58 am  to : matt hatton / lon / ect @ ect  cc : lisa mcrae / lon / ect @ ect , jane allen / hou / ect @ ect  subject : todd hall  matt  please can you arrange for todd hall , who is coming from houston to work for  barry pearce , to stay at dolphin square apartments ? please liaise with him  directly on this .  we have a bit of a complicated costing situation . barry pearce will be taking  the cost of the normal one bedrooms at dolphin square and sally is taking the  rest of the cost .  jane - please provide the costs for sally ' s rc .  thanks  tara  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tara rozen / lon / ect on 17 / 03 / 2000 08 : 56  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : jane allen 15 / 03 / 2000 21 : 43  to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect  cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect  subject : todd hall  sally has decided to go with the 2 bedroom dolphin square accommodations for  todd . please reserve them for march 25 th through at least april 15 .  thanks .  jane
HAM Subject: fw : we need to put our brains together for some communication stuff  just checkin in with you to see if we could get started on this .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : semperger , cara  sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 11 : 02 am  to : williams iii , bill  cc : purcell , mike ; thompson , virginia  subject : we need to put our brains together for some communication stuff  because lotus will probably go away when the new enpower system comes online , and mike brought up a good point about not being able to mine information from the current emails that we do , we need to think of a way to have a data repository like the west power discussion .  i am thinking a web - based format kind of like a news group , but would like to talk to you .  c
HAM Subject: investinme . enron . com login information  this is an auto - generated e - mail .  from : training services ( auto - generated )  sent : tuesday , march 6 , 2001  to : jerry farmer  subject : investinme . enron . com login information  dear jerry farmer , log into investinme . enron . com with the following login id  and password :  login id - dfarmer @ enron . com  password - farmerj 55548  the first step is to get started with a login id and password noted above .  web site demonstrations will be held in eb 568 march 6 th , from 9 - 5 a . m .  ( every half hour ) . please plan to attend one session . if you have any  questions regarding your login information , you can contact the development  center on x 3 - 0357 .  investinme . enron . com is a new tool to help you manage your professional  development . it brings together the listings of internal programs , as well as  access to register from a database of external programs , on - line courses and  materials .
HAM Subject: request for netco transmission contract on georgia transmission  ( gtc )  gtc personnel told us that netco will not be able to obtain transmission on gtc until epmi ' s bill is paid . we will address this issue further with gtc after a formal submission of a transmission request from netco .  valid or not , this could delay implementation of transmission on gtc .
HAM Subject: enpower meeting moved to next week , wed . @ 1 : 00 pm may 27 th  dear traders ,  we will have our regular bi - weekly enpower meeting next wednesday at 1 pm in the cascade conference room ( unless otherwise notified of a conference room or time change ) . please make plans to be in attendance .  agenda items :  update on dpr impact for each trading group  discussion on establishing dollar threshold levels for each group  discussion on new ideas for timely dispute resolution  the meeting should last 15 - 20 minutes . if you will not be there , please let me know in advance who will be in attendance for your group .  thanks and see you there !  virginia and mike
HAM Subject: re : coastal ctr # 96008903 meter 0984179 sit # 135714  nick ,  i understand that they terminated their agreement . however , i don ' t feel  that we can confiscate their production . we need to either pay them for the  gas , or cut a deal to redeliver a like volume to them at another meter .  given the decrease in prices from september to current and prompt month , i  would guess that they want to be paid . we won ' t know that until we call  them . i don ' t know where the responsibility lies as far as calling to  explain to them that we took delivery of their gas until the meter was  shut - in .  please let me know if i can do anything further to assist .  mary
HAM Subject: cornhusker - gas management  i thought it might be helpful to summarize the next steps we agreed are  necessary to put a " gas agency " agreement in place between the texas desk and  ponderosa pine energy , llc .  mazowita and farmer to work with plant manager ( mike gough ) to determine :  how power schedules are received from brazos and translated into fuel  requirements  the plant ' s operating flexibility to use fuel oil over natural gas  how the use of fuel oil is built into the dispatch / operation decision  the degree to which the plant has historically been involved with fuel  suppliers beyond tgc ( i . e . , apache , williams , lone star )  mazowita and farmer to work with tgc ( nancy stivers ) to determine :  how gas schedules are received from the plant  why there were structural differences between the apache / williams fuel supply  agreements and the tgc agency agreement  tgc ' s experience with optimizing value under the fuel supply agreements  farmer to determine if a " form agreement " is available within ena for  transactions of this nature  lyons / hill to determine ( a ) if there is a need to have the gas agency  agreement at the project vs . holding company level and ( b ) if bank approvals  are needed as a result of the new agreement  lyons / mazowita / farmer to draft agency agreement  griffith to determine the best means of handling " duel fuel " capability at  the plant within ena  as an aside , i passed the information that daren gave me in the meeting  concerning the tax certificate for the use of fuel oil on to rhett jackson ,  who handled tax - related matters during the acquisition phase of this  project .  please keep me in the loop as these contacts are made and let me know how i  can help .
HAM Subject: fw : ercot prices  georganne -  attached is a brief presentation demonstrating 3 methods of correlating gas and power prices in texas . all show a high correlation ( > 85 % ) . this is to show arthur andersen that john ' s nymex swap is a good hedge for the coal plant build option .  the spreadsheet provides the raw data .  my recommendation is to use the " liquidated price " method since it uses historical mw daily and gas daily indexes and does not rely on internal curves .  mitch
HAM Subject: events  just to follow - up on our conversation concerning the ea events , i am attaching the memo that dave delainey distributed in 2000 .  thanks .  dorie hitchcock  event manager  enron  1400 smith street  suite 3640 a  houston , tx 77002  telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978  fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800  cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093  e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com
HAM Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback  note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer .  you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance  management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) .  your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation  is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals .  to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com  and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin  providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms  completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 .  if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the  process , please contact the pep help desk at :  houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4  london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4  email : perfmgmt @ enron . com  thank you for your participation in this important process .  the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a  status of " open . " once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request  for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list .  review group : enron  feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000  employee name supervisor name date selected  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  fawcett , jeffery c jess k hyatt nov 01 , 2000  lindberg , lorraine jess k hyatt oct 31 , 2000  lohman , therese k jess k hyatt oct 30 , 2000  mercaldo , vernon m lee c ferrell oct 26 , 2000  stokes , christine a jess k hyatt nov 01 , 2000
HAM Subject: allegheny  louise ,  quick follow - up on allegheny , just in case you get a call today . i have come to learn that peter skrgic is now the former president of allegheny energy supply , having just retired in the last month . he has been replaced by mike morrell , who is also the cfo , until someone can be found to replace him . morrell should be very familiar with allegheny ' s financing plan for these assets .  to the extent that you want to pass the detailed financing conversation on to me , i am more than happy to have that conversation with morrell . also , just so you know , apparently goldman is going to be the lead banker on the equity offering .  let me know if you hear anything or have any questions .  thanks ,  don
HAM Subject: combinatorial auction - jan 11 mtg background  - - - - - forwarded by greg woulfe / enron communications on 12 / 28 / 00 09 : 58 am - - - - -  chonawee supatgiat @ enron  12 / 22 / 00 05 : 08 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , greg woulfe / enron communications @ enron  communications  cc :  subject : combinatorial auction  stinson and greg ,  i have read the paper " combinatorial auction with multiple winners for  universal service " from richard steinberg and frank kelly . they propose a  combinatorial auction which is an auction for multiple items that allows  bidders to realize their synergies on combinations of items . the  combinatorial auction is appropriated for bandwidth commodity because most  bidders in the market have synergies on the combination of items . for  example , if we want to get bandwidth between boston and dc , we would bid for  boston - ny and ny - dc . it will be valuable to us only if we won both links . if  we won only one link , it will be useless .  in the paper , they propose the auctioning method but their method has not  been tested or validated yet . i have not checked their proposition  mathematically but their paper was published in management science so i think  it should be all right . i will look at it in more details and let you know .  anyhow , there are also other combinatorial auctions that are actually used ,  for example , the alberta government ' s ppa auction that enron canada was  participated 3 - 4 months ago .  based on our long position on bandwidth , auction and exchange might be a good  channel to dispose our unused ( or unsold ) bandwidth . i know there is not much  demand in the market . but if we open a combinatorial auction or exchange , we  might be able to increase our market share . ( by taking demand from our  competitors ) . i believe , at the moment , there are no bandwidth exchanges that  allow " combinatorial " bids . if we are the first one to do it , we might  improve our sale channel and gain some market share . ( note : auction - > one  seller and many buyers : exchange - > many sellers and many buyers . )  moreover , i think auctioning the unsold bandwidth will not hurt us because we  cannot sell them anyway . in addition , we ourselves can be a dummy bidder in  the system and bid in the auction . if the current wining bid is too low , we  can just over - bid it and keep the product . this way , we can indirectly put a  reserve price on the products .  let ' s meet sometime in the first week of january .  - chonawee
HAM Subject: fw : $ 5 million for 90 days ? - how quaint !  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : " clayton vernon " @ enron  sent : sat 12 / 8 / 2001 1 : 32 am  to : lavorato , john  cc :  subject : $ 5 million for 90 days ? - how quaint !  you demanded the shareholders pay you $ 5 million to " suffer " at enron for another 90 days ? ? ? . poor , poor john . oh , the horror of it all !
HAM Subject: ameriflash newsletter  note from mark frevert  with the wide and varied activities of our three organizations , we created  this e - mail newsletter to keep everyone better informed about our various  businesses . i hope you find it informative and more importantly , that you  will use this newsletter to help spread the word about the successes in your  group .  to provide content for future e - mails , contact michelle vitrella in our  public relations group via e - mail or call her at ext . 3 - 9767 . communication  is one of the core enron values and i believe this is a great way to improve  communication across our wholesale businesses .  additionally , i would like to again encourage everyone to take a few minutes  to complete  & the pulse  8 survey . this annual survey regarding the work  experience at enron and how we can make it better is an important part of the  two - way communication process at enron . please go to the enron intranet and  type survey . enron . com . it only takes a few minutes , it  , s confidential and  your comments will help make enron a better place to work .  business highlights  natural gas  middle marketing  , s biggest trade of the year so far occurred this month . the  significant transaction was a five year , multimillion dollar restructuring  with a subsidiary of formosa plastics , one of the world  , s largest producers  of polyvinyl chloride .  additionally , continental airlines , the fifth largest us carrier , has hedged  a considerable amount ( 1 . 2 million barrels / month ) of crude oil . winter  nymex hedges were put in place for the undisputed heavyweight chip champ of  the world , frito lay .  pulp & paper  with the acquisition of garden state paper and launch of clickpaper . com ,  enron is creating an efficient spot physical market for pulp and paper  commodities . buyers and sellers will benefit from improved price  transparency and reliability and access to enron  , s online financial markets .  improved price transparency and the ability to imbed financial derivatives  into physical trading flows will facilitate the growth of enron  , s trading  business . to date , clickpaper . com has traded over 1 millions tons of pulp  and paper product with a notional value of over $ 675 million .  upstream origination  upstream origination , headed by julie gomez and jean mrha , focuses on natural  gas products to optimize commercial value associated with the natural gas  grid on the continent and in the gulf of mexico ( gom ) . through products such  as storage , electric compression and producer services & outsourcing , ena  creates value for its customers and reconfigures the natural gas  infrastructure to be more efficient . in addition , upstream origination  transactions exploit the unique relationship between development of strategic  assets through sophisticated financing structures and the utilization of the  market information created by those assets .   & the pulse  8 survey results  as of wednesday , october 18 , the total responses to  & the pulse  8 from  ena / egm / eim are 689 . this is approximately 30 % of all employees . since our  goal is a 100 % response rate , we have a long way to go ! please take a few  minutes to log on and give enron your thoughts . the pulse is located at  survey . enron . com on the enron intranet page .  if you like competition , here are the results by group :  commercial - origination 131  energy operations 126  risk management and trading 106  other / none of the above 91  bus . analysis & rep . / fin . ops . 90  legal 46  gas assets 37  human resources 30  tax 18  technology / it 14  welcome  transferred into ena / eim / egm  ena - kathleen neal / hr , suzanne kelly / infocentral , tobias monk / finance direct  eim - eric connor / industrial energy group  egm - eric calub / global product mgmt  new hires ena / eim / egm  ena - lance cunningham / cts research , anita dupont / cts research , yvette  hales / gas logistics  ) east , angela howell / equity trading , farid mithani / power  risk - credit  egm - heather purcell / enron global markets  in the news   & no company illustrates the transformative power of innovation more  dramatically than enron . over the past decade enron  , s commitment to the  invention  * and later domination  * of new business categories has taken it from a  $ 200 million old - economy pipeline operator to a $ 40 billion new - economy  trading powerhouse .  8  from  & the world  , s most admired companies ,  8 fortune , monday , october 2  nuggets & notes   & what  , s the message we  , re trying to get across ?  8  ) ray bowen , coo eim   & i  , m not a micro - manager  8 - john lavorato , coo ena   & make it so , number one  8  ) jeff shankman , coo egm  contest  enron is  & the most innovative company  8 based on fortune magazine  , s most  admired survey . ena public relations is ready to put enron north america ,  industrial markets and global markets to the test . we need your creative  minds to help name the new electronic newsletter we now call ameriflash . put  on your thinking caps and submit your ideas for a new name to  michelle . vitrella @ enron . com . the ena public relations team will narrow the  list to the top ten and then send it to our official judge , mark frevert , to  make the final decision . the winner will receive a gift certificate to any  pappas restaurant . good luck !
HAM Subject: revised : associate prc information  please notate on your calendar :  the room location for the associate prc at the hyatt will arboretum 4 and 5  rather than arboretum 1 and 2 .  thank you for your participation .
HAM Subject: re : energy derivatives  hi vince ,  thanks for your call today - i look forward t speaking to you tomorrow .  i ' ll be working at home in the mornng ( my time ) - trying to finish up my  chapters ! - my number is 61 2 9460 3079 .  best regards .  chris .
HAM Subject: re : grades  mr . kaminsky ,  i still need grades for :  israni , rakhi  lu , feng  planck , jeffrey  so , winny  taylor , orlando  wankhade , sanjay  zhang , ning  i will be available by e - mail this evening or by phone ( 5 : 30 or so ) at 713 - 668 - 1704 . i just called the registrar ' s office and if i bring in the grades by 8 : 30 tomorrow morning we will be fine . please advise .  thanks for your help . - pam  at 08 : 23 am 5 / 4 / 01 - 0500 , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  pam ,  the last group .  please , let me know if any name is missing .  ( embedded image moved to file : pic 25177 . pcx )  grade : a  thanks a lot . it was a pleasure working with you .  vince kaminski
HAM Subject: i know you will love looking into this one .  can you check if all the gifts given out on the gas floor for boss ' s day were paid for by our employees or enron .
HAM Subject: sabbatical  dr . kaminski :  ?  i had intended to contact you regarding a position at enron this summer , but  the department really needed me to teach a section of undergraduate  corporate finance this summer . ? if all goes well , and ? there is a place for  me at enron , i would be able to start after the summer session ends in  late ? july . ?  ?  i ? discussed the possibility of a sabbatical at enron with drs . tom arnold  and alex butler , both of whom send their regards , and they both felt the  experience would be invaluable given my research and career objectives . ? dr .  arnold and i agreed that a sabbatical of 1 - 2 years would be optimal . ? i feel  that it would be difficult to get a good idea of where the company is  headed , and to show how i can be a valuable team member in helping it get  there ? in much less than a year . ? he was afraid that the university would  begin to grumble if i was gone for much more than 2 years . ? any suggestions ?  ?  thank you again for your help , and i look forward to hearing from you .  ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? cordially ,  ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? shane green
HAM Subject: length @ mid c for the 25 th he 23 & 24 for 50 mw  psei gen @ mid c - epmi - pwx - snoh ( t ) bpa ( t ) midc / bcus # 96092 nf - pwx - bcpsol - bcha ( t ) bcus / bcha # 370717 bf - bcpsol - bcha  puget buy 666159 . 1 $ 58 . 00 & pwx sale 378608 . 1 $ 38 . 50 for 25 mw  puget buy 666186 . 1 $ 60 . 00 & pwx sale 378692 . 1 $ 38 . 50 for 25 mw  this day ahead schedule was cut and is to be reinstated real - time .  please contact pwx to make sure the schedule is re instated real - time . please call and confirm with puget .  thanks ,  donald - i highlighted the cut schedules in your sheet .  stacy runswick  enron north america  ( 877 ) 464 - 7779 ph  ( 503 ) 464 - 3740 fx  stacy . runswick @ enron . com
HAM Subject: follow up to last week  vince - appreciate you taking the time to dicuss some of our ongoing  quantitative challenges . just wanted to confirm with you the next steps we  agreed to :  research to develop a working prototype of a private firm model by aug . 2001  this effort will include evaluating existing private firm models  houston research to allocate a full time resource , who is willing to spend a  significant amount of time in london ( at least initially ) to kick off the  effort  please let me know if i have missed something .  thanks  bryan
HAM Subject: mit financial engineering pro - seminar  vince ,  i have received a call from mit asking if enron would be interested in  sponsoring a financial engineering pro - seminar .  this means that enron would propose a problem that would have its solution  developed by students in the financial engineering track . these students  would present the findings in the end .  i think that enron has already sponsored a financial engineering pro - seminar .  i remember something about real options at the time i was at school .  please , let me know if enron has the interest , specifically the research .  talking here at the weather desk , mark tawney expressed interest . if you  agree , we ( the weather desk ) could co - sponsor this pro - seminar with the  research . the idea , then , would be to propose a problem connected to weather  trading .  please , give me your thoughts about this issue .  thanks ,  claudio
HAM Subject: invoice for jpmorganenergy . com  date : 19 - dec - 2001  thank you for using register . com , your first step on the web  the following domain name ( s ) have been successfully registered :  jpmorganenergy . com  invoice  louise nettelton  2137 chilton road  houston , tx 77019  us  customer order code : 6968300  from :  register . com  575 8 th avenue  new york , ny 10018  united states  billing inquiries :  phone : toll free in the u . s . and canada : ( 800 ) 899 - 9723  outside the u . s . and canada : + 1 ( 902 ) 742 - 1466  online : http : / / www . register . com / create _ ticket . cgi  e - mail invoice for domain registration / renewal  please see attached detailed instructions and registration  agreement .  register . com is in receipt of valid credit card information  for payment and confirms the following :  domain name : jpmorganenergy . com  subscription length : 2 year ( s )  period from : 19 - dec - 2001  period to : 18 - dec - 2003  order id : 20212486  amount charged ( us $ ) : $ 70 . 00  registrant agrees to the terms and conditions of the current  services agreement found at  
HAM Subject: retro assignments  this is a follow up to the conversation you had with pat yesterday and to  reiterate retro contract assignments . we have decided to go back to the old  process of handling contract assignments mid - month . this means that if we  receive an assignment from legal after the 10 th workday , that assignment will  become effective for current month the following month . for example , if i  receive a notice from whomever that xyz has been assigned to abc on 11 / 15 / 00  for an legal effective date of 4 / 00 , i will create a new deal from 4 / 00  forward . on the new deal the currect month will be zeroed out under the  expected volumes . bob would not start nominating this new deal until 12 / 00 ,  leaving 4 / 00 - 11 / 00 to be moved by volume mangement .  if this is not a clear understanding from all parties , please let me know .  rita : if this becomes burdensome on your group , please let me know and we  will readdress this issue .  thanks ! !  julie
HAM Subject: complimentary issue of western us natural gas market review  i asked friedenberg if we could have a sample copy of the western us natural  gas market review to see if we want to subscribe . do any of you get this  now ? let me know . we use the midwest issue quite a bit .  i would appreciate your review of the publication and what your thoughts  are . we can get in the 2000 budget yet if you want to subscribe and are not  already receiving .  lorna  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 11 / 28 / 2000  02 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " brent friedenberg associates ltd . " on 11 / 28 / 2000 10 : 19 : 43 am  to :  cc :  subject : complimentary issue of western us natural gas market review  please find attached a complimentary copy of the november 2000 issue of the  western review , which includes information on the california and pacific  northwest markets . if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to  contact us . thanks .  lori  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  brent friedenberg associates  1052 memorial drive nw  calgary , ab  canada t 2 n 3 e 2  ( 403 ) 270 - 0700  ( 403 ) 270 - 0716 ( fax )  bfa @ bfa . com  www . bfa . com - -  - west 200011 . pdf
HAM Subject: wellheads  daren , cody has a new well coming on friday behind the 985333 . right now  we don ' t have any nominations at that meter so i ' ll get with vance on that .  the increases according to the fax is going from 230 @ day to 1700 on friday  and 1700 to 3200 on sat . prize energy would like to make some changes ,  meter  4028 from 1270 to 820 has been flowing from 600 to 800 this  month  4965 from 112 to 45 has been flowing mid 80 ' s this month  from 97 to 104
HAM Subject: wharton  hi jeff !  i know you received the information below . additionally , i have 2 people  from broadband services meeting us there friday ( one is traci warner who set  up the rice u deal ) . further , i ' ll be meeting with amy briggs regarding the  entrepeneurship conference nov 30 th and dec lst . i ' ve already spoken with  her and tom piazze and both independently confirmed as you suspected that we  committed to sponsor at the $ 10 , 000 level . this entitles us to banners ,  panels , posters , and most importantly , a keynote address . i ' ll discuss the  keynote address with her but would appreciate your thoughts in advance as to  how you ' d like to see the keynote speech executed ( suggestions for topics ,  proposed speaking candidates , when in the conference you ' d like to see  enron ' s speech , etc ) . i ' ll review the trip with you when we return .  thanks jeff !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 10 / 13 / 2000  03 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " piazze , thomas " on 10 / 13 / 2000 09 : 18 : 24 am  to : " amit , raffi " , " macmillan , ian "  , " stamer , anne " ,  " cieri , emily gohn " , " weigelt , keith w "  , " piazze , donna " ,  " tyler , cara " , " kunreuther , howard "  , " wind , yoram " ,  " baltes , michael " , " winter , sidney g "  cc : " roberts , stacey " , " williams , dorothy  ( wharton ) " , " harker , patrick "  , " ' kaminski , vince ' " ,  " ' patrick , christie ' " , " ' shankman , jeff ' "  subject : visit by enron , 19 october 2000  a team of key executives from enron will be on campus on the 19 th of october  for the purposes of meeting with key staff and faculty to learn more about  the school and how the firm can gain a greater presence here . included in  this group will be :  vince kaminski , director of research  christie patrick , vp , university relations  mike rosen , director , university affairs group  i have developed a proposed agenda for the visit . please review and confirm  that you are available to meet with one or more of the enron team at the  times specified . if so , please provide me a prefered meeting location . if  not , please alternate times and locations .  8 : 00 - 9 : 00 breakfast with donna piazze and keith weigelt to discuss " tiger  team fap project " the ivy grill , inn at penn  9 : 00 - 10 : 30 meeting with raffi amit , ian macmillan , emily cieri and anne  stamer to discuss the sol c . snider entreprenuer center and its related  programs , the business plan competition and webi . . . 4 th floor conference room ,  vance hall ? ? ?  10 : 30 - 12 : 00 christie and mike hold discussions with cara tyler , bob bonner  and pat rose regarding recruiting processes and procedures . . . cms conference  room  10 : 30 - ? ? ? broadband executive meets with gerry mccartney and other  university officials to discuss campus needs , future usage projections , etc .  10 : 30 - 11 : 30 vince meets with sid winter reference jones center and related  research  11 : 30 - 12 : 00 vince meets with howard kunruether to discuss risk management  12 : 00 - 1 : 15 pm group lunch with jerry wind at faculty club to discuss the  e - fellows program  2 : 00 - 3 : 00 pm christie and mike meet with mike baltes to discuss co - branding  issues with wharton and upenn  5 : 00 pm all will attend the et conference dinner event  please confirm your willingness and availability to support this agenda .  thanks for your help .  tom
HAM Subject: fw : usaee conference  dear mr . kaminski ,  attached please find our vip speaker letter , two program announcements ,  registration form and hotel information . please complete the registration  form and fax to 216 - 464 - 2768 .  if you have questions or need additional information please contact us . we  look forward to seeing you later this month .  kind regards .  dave williams  and  mary novak  - vip speaker letter . doc  - final sec prog for pdf . pdf  - usaee - iaee 2000 conference program 0728 . pdf  - regform . doc  - hotel & conference info . doc
HAM Subject: latest org charts - european trading support  as discussed with mike jordan .  these charts change all the time , but here is today ' s version .
HAM Subject: hpl meter # 980070 rusk d / p - lone star hpl  daren :  during the period of 11 / 4 / 99 to 12 / 4 / 99 , the above meter has recorded flow on  the following days :  days mmbtus  11 / 4 / 99 2 , 813  11 / 7 / 99 4 , 248  11 / 8 / 99 2 , 287  11 / 10 / 99 23  11 / 24 / 99 100  11 / 25 / 99 421  11 / 26 / 99 3 , 611  11 / 27 / 99 989  11 / 28 / 99 7  12 / 1 / 99 1 , 825  12 / 5 / 99 205  30 , 287  deal # 127445 was at this meter for only 1 day ( november 3 , 1999 ) . deal  # 129706 was at this meter for only 1 day ( november 16 , 1999 ) . deal # 133219  was at this meter for only 2 days ( december 1 & 2 , 1999 ) . currently , these  volumes are being booked under the hpl strangers gas contract . logistics  needs either ( 1 ) have some or all of these deals extended , ( 2 ) new deal , or  ( 3 ) approval to write - off these volumes to unaccounted for gas . ( please  print , sign , and return original to clem cernosek ) .  deal / deal ticket # / customer ( seller / buyer )  or  approval to write - off the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss  thanks , clem
HAM Subject: today ' s events  the enron building in houston will be closed for the rest of the day . the offices in new york and washington , d . c . have also been closed , and all employees have been accounted for . we ' re asking all houston - based employees not involved in critical operations to go home to be with their families . we have every reason to believe the enron building is safe and secure . each enron location has the discretion to determine what is in the best interest of their employees . we know of no enron employee or facility affected by today ' s tragic events . let ' s keep all the victims of these tragedies in our thoughts and prayers .  if you have information that you believe may be relevant to this matter , please email john . brindle @ enron . com . for updates , view http : / / www . enron . com / corp / .
HAM Subject: today ' s floor meeting  you may get a few pointed questions about today ' s article about lay ' s potential severance of $ 80 mm . vance meyer from pr was saying they ' ve been briefing executives who ' re having floor meetings and i told him you and lavo were having one later today too .  - r
HAM Subject: visiting enron may 4 th  christie ,  fyi . a message i received from stanford .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 11 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " susan c . hansen " on 04 / 06 / 2001 06 : 14 : 10 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : clovell @ stanford . edu , donna lawrence , hillh @ stanford . edu , bambos @ stanford . edu  subject : visiting enron may 4 th  dear vince ,  this is great news ! donna and i are delighted that you have time to see us  on may 4 th .  i ' ll be out of the office next week . by copy of this email to my  assistant , carol lovell , i will ask her to get in touch with shirley for  scheduling as well as directions on where to meet you . we ' ll be glad to  meet with christie patrick as well .  looking forward to meeting you ,  susan  at 05 : 36 pm 4 / 6 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > susan ,  >  > thank you for your message . i shall be glad to meet with you on may the  > 4 th .  > i shall ask my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to  > set up the meeting .  >  > also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to  > coordinate enron ' s  > relationships with the universities . the person running this unit is  > christie patrick .  > please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . i shall  > coordinate the meeting  > on may the 4 th with her .  >  > vince  >  >  > additional information re christie :  >  > phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6117  >  > email : christie _ patrick @ enron . com  >  >  >  >  >  > " susan c . hansen " on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 33 : 54 pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : visit from stanford ?  >  >  > dear dr . kaminski ,  >  > let me briefly introduce myself , i am the director of corporate relations  > for the school of engineering at stanford university . in this role , i am  > always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies  > that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions .  >  > i believe you know hill huntington , who is a senior researcher with  > stanford ' s energy modeling forum . he suggested i get in touch with you for  > some ideas about contacts at enron . i ' m in the process of planning a trip  > to texas in early may along with my colleague donna lawrence , the  > university ' s director of corporate relations . we were hoping to be able to  > include a stop at enron on our itinerary . right now it appears that friday ,  > may 4 th would work best for us but we ' re at the very beginning of our trip  > planning .  >  > the purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship  > between enron and stanford , to give you an overview of current priorities  > in the school of engineering , and ask for your help in identifying the best  > points of contact .  >  > i look forward to hearing from you about your availability ,  >  > sincerely ,  > susan hansen  >  >  >  >  > susan c . hansen  > director , corporate relations  > school of engineering  > stanford university  > stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  > ( 650 ) 725 - 4219  susan c . hansen  director , corporate relations  school of engineering  stanford university  stanford , ca 94305 - 4027  ( 650 ) 725 - 4219
HAM Subject: power curve 4 : client conference call ( pls disregard earlier ema  il )  power curve 4 :  2001 - 2003 power pricing outlook and implications for investors  client conference call  thursday , may 3 rd at 2 : 00 pm edt  our power curve 4 report ( referenced during the call ) will be  emailed in advance of the call .  host : ray niles , power & merchant energy analyst  call in : 800 - 229 - 0281 us  706 - 645 - 9237 int ' l  replay : 800 - 642 - 1687 us  706 - 645 - 9291 int ' l  reservation : 758592  replay until 5 / 7 , 11 : 59 pm  raymond c . niles  power / natural gas research  salomon smith barney  ( 212 ) 816 - 2807  ray . niles @ ssmb . com  s
HAM Subject: important information about united healthcare - please read !  to : houston area employees participating in the domestic medical plan benefits  you may have recently received communication from united healthcare ( uhc )  concerning memorial hermann health systems ' ( mhhs ) decision to terminate  their contract with uhc in the houston / beaumont area . this communication  also included the names of physicians who will be dropped from the network  due to this action . it is our intent to help you understand the situation .  it is our understanding that memorial herman health systems asked for a 40 %  increase in fees - a substantial increase that would have been passed on to  you and enron ! when united healthcare attempted to negotiate with a counter  proposal , memorial hermann cancelled their contract .  while this contractual arrangement was between the hospital system and uhc ,  enron continues to support uhc in their ongoing contract negotiation  efforts . at this time , it is only uhc which has been affected , however , it  is our understanding that cigna has also been contacted by the hospital group  and may be in contract negotiations at this time as well .  many doctors have obtained admission privileges to other area hospitals  within the uhc network or have contracted directly with uhc including those  with admission privileges to the woodlands , sugarland and clear lake  hospitals , to name a few . in a further effort to limit disruption to our  affected employees and families who are enrolled in the uhc network or epo  options , enron has authorized uhc to process claims incurred between  september 28 and december 31 , 2000 as if the termination of the memorial  hermann health systems from the network had not occurred and in - network  benefits applied . office visits will have a $ 10 copayment and all other  charges will be covered at 90 % . hospital admissions will still need to be  pre - certified with uhc .  these steps have decreased the number of participants ' affected by primary  care physician disruption from 1 , 050 to 127 .  if you need medical attention : you or your doctor / hospital must call uhc ' s  customer service number so proper benefits can be verified . in some cases  the hospital or doctor may request payment at the time service is performed .  if this should happen , please obtain an itemized statement and submit it to  uhc with a claim form for prompt reimbursement . claim forms can be obtained  by calling 1 - 800 - 332 - 7979 or in houston at 713 - 853 - 7979 ( press 1 ) .  open enrollment materials will be coming soon . take this opportunity to  consider your elections for 2001 .  united healthcare and enron hr are committed to assisting enron employees  through this transition . we will communicate any further developments that  may impact you or your family .
HAM Subject: chairman ' s award nominations  the 2000 chairman ' s award nomination process was a tremendous success ! from  around the world , over 425 nominations were received representing a broad  cross - section of our overall organization and resulting in a 73 % increase in  nomination participation from last year . this 100 % employee - driven program  is so successful because you take time to nominate and recognize those  individuals that are special in your work life . every single candidate is to  be congratulated !  this year , the original concept was brought to fruition when the members of  the 1999 chairman ' s roundtable took over the selection process and carried  the torch from past to present . this selection committee reviewed all  candidates on the basis of their ability to consistently bring our values to  life and sought out those select few that are enron ' s " everyday heroes " .  it is with great pleasure that we announce the 2000 chairman ' s roundtable  whose daily pursuit of excellence , commitment to communication , genuine  integrity and respect for others are what make enron the incredible company  that it is today - innovative , successful and undoubtedly one of the best  places to work . the eleven individuals named below are flying to san antonio  this from around the world to be honored at our annual management  conference . one of these finalist will receive the distinguished recognition  as the actual chairman ' s award winner :  the 2000 chairman ' s roundtable  amelia alder , enron operations services ( ets ) - houston , texas  dan boyle , enron global finance - houston , texas  craig buehler , northern natural gas ( ets ) - houston , tx  fernando delpino , industrias ventane ( esa ) - caracas , venezuala  barbara gray , ena - houston , texas  scott guptill , pge - portland , or  mark harada , ees - hinsdale , il  don lehr , the linc corporation ( ees ) - pittsburgh , pa  xafira mendonsa , dahbol power company - mumbia , india  yaser tobeh , operational energy corp . ( ees ) - gaza , palestine  kevin westwood , enron teeside operations ltd . - cleveland , england  attached is a list of every employee who was nominated for the chairman ' s  award this year :  please take a moment to recognize this honor bestowed upon your fellow  employees . we sincerely thank them for their contributions to enron and  their leadership that helps make this organization the world  , s leading energy  and communications company . if you have any questions regarding this year ' s  program or suggestions for the future , please contact charla reese at  charla . reese @ enron . com or call 713 . 853 . 5202 . we hope to see the chairman ' s  award grow and encourage your participation next year .  respectfully  ken & jeff
HAM Subject: calpine daily gas nomiantion  per our phone conversation . >  - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 11 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ;  start date : 1 / 11 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011107 . txt
HAM Subject: re : longview dash request  bascially , we will need to spend another $ 7 . 5 million on 11 / 30 to keep the equipment orders alive .  the spreadsheet below may help .  the line " incremental cash spend " is what enron will need to pay at the end of each november and december . the line " cancellation + e - next interest " is enron ' s cancellation exposure ( binding commitment to the equipment vendors and e - next ) to the extent we cancel on those dates .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : calger , christopher f .  sent : monday , october 29 , 2001 11 : 06 pm  to : kitchen , louise ; schneider , chip  subject : re : longview dash request  louise ,  cancellation charges have been the focus because the cash is provided by e - next banks ( turbopark ) . the cash paid to date is less than the actual contractual obligation to date . we do not need balance sheet cash to continue , but we need to come up with b / s cash if we terminate . hopefully the following clarifies :  cash payments to date :  ge 7 fa 13 , 328  st 909  hrsg 1480  interest 350  total : 16 , 067  next payments :  ge 7 fa 1 , 566 nov 21  st 2 , 849 dec 1  hrsg 2 , 960 dec 1  these are estimates - the timing of the actual payments depends upon when the vendor completes some of the work - payment based on milestones  cancellation charges :  10 / 31 : $ 23 mm  11 / 1 : $ 24 mm  11 / 30 : $ 28 . 3 mm  each day from 11 / 1 to 11 / 30 the cancellation charge increases by approx $ 150 k  dash is based on contractual exposure , not cash out the door , hence the request at this time . in addition to looking for opportunities to sell the equipment and the project , we are looking into the st and hrsg contracts to make sure the vendors are not in any sort of breach .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : monday , october 29 , 2001 5 : 56 pm  to : schneider , chip  cc : calger , christopher f .  subject : re : longview dash request  sorry missing the message  when are the payments and how much are they if we keep moving forward as i am not prepared to write down a 23 mm loss .  payments and payment dates please .  thanks  louise  please say not soon too .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : schneider , chip  sent : monday , october 29 , 2001 7 : 26 pm  to : kitchen , louise  cc : calger , christopher f .  subject : longview dash request  louise :  a termination of equipment associated with the longview project on or before 10 / 31 / 01 will require enron to write - off approximately $ 23 million , not inclusive of approximately $ 3 million in development costs to date .  to extend orders for equipment to 11 / 30 / 01 will cost an additional $ 5 . 3 million in cancellation charges .  to extend orders for equipment to 12 / 31 / 01 will cost an additional $ 8 . 7 million ( inclusive of the $ 5 . 3 million above , therefore , net $ 3 . 4 million ) in cancellation charges .  termination at any time between now and year - end 2001 provides no material recovery potential for money spent .  regards ,  chip schneider  713 - 853 - 1789  ecn 2864  
HAM Subject: weather article has been approved - - need to send photos  gary & seth ,  thumbs up on the fow article . many thanks for working through it with me . . .  joe  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect on 10 / 26 / 2000  11 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jane sandiford on 10 / 25 / 2000 06 : 26 : 32 am  to : joseph . hrgovcic @ enron . com  cc :  subject : weather article - photos ?  dear joseph ,  thank you so much for sending me such an interesting article on the internet  and weather derivatives . i really enjoyed reading it !  i just have one final question - do you have a photograph of yourself ( or  the other authors ) that you could send me ? tif , gif or jpeg files are fine  so long as they are 300 dpi .  thanks again and i hope to hear from you soon .  best regards ,  jane  jane sandiford  deputy editor  fow magazine  tel : 0207 827 6493  fax : 0207 827 6413  email : jsandiford @ fow . com  * * disclaimer * *  the contents of this e - mail is sent to the addressee only and may contain  information that is confidential .  persons other than the addressee should not read , disclose , copy or otherwise  distribute this message except for delivery to the addressee .  this e - mail and its attachments ( if any ) have been scanned by trend micro  interscan viruswall v 3 . 4 .  * * personal e - mails * *  the metal bulletin e - mail system scans all e - mails and deletes personal  messages which contain items of a sexual , racial or other inappropriate  matter without notifying the sender . therefore , the transmission of personal  messages , both incoming and outgoing , cannot be guaranteed .
HAM Subject: tw bullets 1 / 12  transport options - on january 9 ferc held a technical conference on tw ' s  transport options filing . along with ferc staff , there were approximately 20  intervenors present . although several of the parties ' questions were  intended to clarify the filing , others used the forum to attack collateral  issues such as the affiliate marketing rule , pipeline capacity hoarding and  the market power of enron online . going forward , tw is due to file pro - forma  tariff sheets to include several clarifying items by jan . 26 , with parties '  comments due on feb . 13 and reply comments due on feb . 23 .  capacity marketing - dynegy purchased several packages of firm transport from  blanco to needles . one package was 13 , 500 mmbtu / d for december 2001 . the  other was 21 , 500 mmbtu / d for november 1 - december 31 , 2002 . we will file  negotiated rate letters with ferc for the index pricing .  agave energy co . - met with agave this week to discuss potential atoka  lateral expansion projects and other efforts to bring more producer gas to  tw ' s west texas lateral . several opportunities were identified and we have  scheduled a follow up meeting for february 7 th . in addition , ngpl called to  set up a meeting next week to look at bringing more gas to us on a firm basis  in eddy county ; there may be some overlapping volume with agave here .
HAM Subject: continental phone #  1 - 800 - 621 - 7467 or ? cust . serv . 1 - 800 - 932 - 2732
HAM Subject: enron / hpl actuals for october 25 , 2000  teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 46 . 667 / hpl gas daily
HAM Subject: re : drew tingleaf  for good people the timing is always bad .  louise kitchen  04 / 10 / 2001 10 : 13 am  to : timothy j detmering / hou / ect @ ect  cc : w david duran / hou / ect @ ect  subject : drew tingleaf  there are some major issues with moving drew at this time and i am sure you and dave need to discuss this further . i would suggest if he were to move he moves into don ' s new group as opposed to corporate development .  but essentially the timing is very bad .  louise
HAM Subject: june availabilities  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 05 / 22 / 2000  09 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " steve holmes " on 05 / 22 / 2000 09 : 23 : 29 am  to :  cc :  subject : june availabilities  ami ,  attached is the list of june availabilities for enron to sell . i have listed  the pipeline beside the offshore volumes and am in the process of doing the  same for the onshore . we are still waiting on a couple of volumes on some of  the outside operated properties and have estimated availabilities for those  properties . additionally , the pvr factors are estimated and will also be  provided as they become available .  please feel free to call me with any questions you have .  thanks ,  steve  - enronavailso 600 . xls
HAM Subject: ena legal expenditures  in order to provide better oversight and control of ena legal expenditures  on large transactions , please continue to follow the procedures set forth  below for transactions where outside legal fees and expenses are expected to  exceed $ 25 , 000 . 00 . the purpose of these procedures is to ( i ) improve  communication with counsel ( inside and outside ) on issues , fees and services  and ( ii ) send price signals on legal costs ( with respect to specific  transactions ) on a timely basis to the business units . every effort should  be made to continue to provide high quality legal work that has become  standard at ena .  1 . a written estimate of proposed fees and expenses and a written  description of the services shall be provided by our outside counsel . the  responsible business unit and the general counsel shall review and approve  such written estimate before our outside counsel is directed to provide  substantial professional services .  2 . our outside counsel shall be instructed to promptly submit a revised  written estimate if such outside counsel determines that legal fees and  expenses for such transaction will exceed the previous written estimate by  $ 25 , 000 . 00 . such revised written estimate shall be reviewed and approved by  the responsible business unit and the general counsel or his / her designee  before our outside counsel is directed to provide substantial additional  professional services .  3 . in order to accurately track such expenses so that the expenses can be  properly allocated to the various business units , a work order number should  be obtained for each transaction .  thank you for your cooperation . if you have any questions or any other  suggestions for controlling expenses , please call me at extension 36544 .
HAM Subject: east power  louise ,  here are some bullet points for the discussions tomorrow :  - east power , including generation investments made about $ 50 million in the first half . the greatest contribution came from ben jacoby , about $ 15 million . by the way , i hired ben along with scott healy to acquire sites in 1998 .  - all of the traders and structuring , including bernie aucoin told me that john llodra drove both the cmp and nstar deals . total income $ 8 . 5 million .  - i believe delainey was correct in saying that ozzie was the brains behind alamac but heather did the execution . total income for the east $ 7 . 5 million .  - most of the rest of the deals were done after i came in .  - mid market sales have increased . ( 700 % over the first half of 2000 )  - this group was in meltdown when i came in ( at least on the origination side ) . i would like to get some credit for stopping the bleeding and starting the rebuilding process in a difficult environment .
HAM Subject: contacting iris mack  vince ,  iris mack finally returned my call . her message said she had been in  california on a job interview and it looks like she may take the  position . i will contact her to get the details and confirm if she is  off the market .  toni graham  staffing consultant  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by toni graham / corp / enron on 07 / 06 / 2000  09 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : teresa bien 06 / 22 / 2000 01 : 51 pm  to : toni graham / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : re [ 10 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  fyi . can you look in to this for him ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by teresa bien / corp / enron on 06 / 22 / 2000  01 : 49 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski @ ect  06 / 16 / 2000 10 : 14 am  to : teresa bien / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : re [ 10 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  teresa ,  i would like to invite iris for an interview in houston .  she works currently in london can you call her  and ask when she is planning to visit the states .  we could pay the airfare from a location in the states .  i would hate to pay the lst class ticket from london to houston ,  though i would go for it , if necessary ( i don ' t  want a candidate to think that we are that cheap ) .  business class is a standard  for business related , cross - atlantic flights .  i would be more comfortable if you could negotiate this issue .  thanks  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 16 / 2000  10 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  06 / 12 / 2000 03 : 51 pm  to : iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : re [ 10 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  at this point it ' s my group : research , i . e . quantitative modeling .  please , let me know what your interests are and i shall try to line up  other groups for the interview .  vince  iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 06 / 09 / 2000 02 : 33 : 50 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re [ 10 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  hi ,  i will be out of the country until wednesday afternoon - london time .  maybe we can chat then .  also , could you please tell me about the group ( s ) that are interested in  speaking with me .  thanks ,  iris  internet  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 06 / 06 / 2000 20 : 31 gmt  to : iris mack  cc : vince . j . kaminski  bcc :  subject : re : re [ 8 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  leaving for ca in a few minutes . i shall get back to you monday .  vince  iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 06 / 06 / 2000 10 : 36 : 46 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re [ 8 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  hi ,  thanks for your email . begining of july - what about july 4 th week ?  could you give me a bit more info regarding the best days for you and  your  colleagues .  thanks ,  iris  internet  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 06 / 06 / 2000 14 : 29 gmt  to : iris mack  cc : vince . j . kaminski  bcc :  subject : re : re [ 6 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  the beginning of july would be better for us . please , let me know what  is your availability .  vince  iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 06 / 06 / 2000 02 : 30 : 49 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re [ 6 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  hi ,  thank you for your email . how many days do we need ?  i have checked my calendar . and think that i should be able to come on  monday june 19 th ( tuesday june 20 th - if you need more than one day ) . .  i can fly from london to houston during the following weekend to  arrive in  time for monday morning .  let me know if these days are good for you and your colleagues .  regards ,  iris  internet  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 25 / 05 / 2000 18 : 33 gmt  to : iris mack  cc : vince . j . kaminski  bcc :  subject : re : re [ 4 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  we can invite you for an interview to houston .  what would be a the time for you ?  vince  iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 11 : 32 : 04 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re [ 4 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  hi ,  thank you for your prompt response . i am interested in any contacts  you  may have in your rolodex .  also , i would be opened to talk to enron as well . please let me know  more  details .  kind regards ,  iris  internet  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 25 / 05 / 2000 16 : 19 gmt  to : iris mack  cc : vince . j . kaminski , stinson . gibner , grant . masson ,  pinnamaneni . krishnarao ,  vasant . shanbhogue  bcc :  subject : re : re [ 2 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  i shall go through my rolodex and try to find some good leads for you . i  left  investment banking 8 years ago and this field changes very fast .  alternatively , would you be interested in a company like enron  or another energy company in houston ?  please , let me know .  vince  iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 09 : 20 : 01 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re [ 2 ] : greetings from london ( to enron )  hi ,  how are you ? thank you kindly for your email . sorry i have not  responded  sooner .  currently i am working in derivatives structured products and risk  management at bnp paribas in london . although i currently enjoy living and  working in london , i may need to return to the states - because of my  mother ' s  failing health .  do you know of any good contacts at investment banks that i may  forward my  details to ?  for your information , i have attached my cv . ( please see attached  file :  iris marie mack . doc ) .  thank you in advance for your time and consideration .  kind regards ,  iris mack  44 ( 0 ) 20 7595 8665 ( work )  44 ( 0 ) 20 7229 9986 ( home )  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  internet  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 04 / 04 / 2000 15 : 03 gmt  to : iris mack  cc : vince . j . kaminski  bcc :  subject : re : greetings from london ( to enron )  iris ,  please , feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes .  i shall be glad to chat with you .  vince  iris . mack @ paribas . com on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 24 : 27 am  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : denis . autier @ paribas . com  subject : greetings from london ( to enron )  dear dr . kaminski ,  how are you ? it was nice to meet you at the real options conference  in  nyc .  i was intrigued by some of the comments in your conference talk . in  particular , by your use of real options to hedge financial options . this  is  something i am interested in as well .  when you have some time , could we chat about this topic in a bit more  detail ?  thanks for your time and consideration . hope to hear from you soon .  regards ,  iris mack  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  this message is confidential ; its contents do not constitute a  commitment by bnp paribas group * except where provided  for in a written agreement between you and bnp paribas group * .  any unauthorised disclosure , use or dissemination , either  whole or partial , is prohibited . if you are not the intended  recipient of the message , please notify the sender immediately .  * bnp paribas group is a trading name of bnp sa and paribas sa  ce message est confidentiel ; son contenu ne represente en  aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas *  sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le  groupe bnp paribas * . toute publication , utilisation ou diffusion ,  meme partielle , doit etre autorisee prealablement . si vous n ' etes  pas destinataire de ce message , merci d ' en avertir immediatement  l ' expediteur .  * le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas  sa  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc )  - iris marie mack . doc
HAM Subject: revised schedule  wed . 1 / 2 thur . 1 / 3 fri . 1 / 4  allen , phillip in out out  arnold , john in in in  belden , tim in in in  black , don in in in  calger , chris in in in  davis , dana in in in  duran , dave in ? ?  grigsby , mike in in in  lagrasta , fred in in in  luce , laura in in in  martin , tom in in in  milnthorp , rob out in in  neal , scott in in in  presto , kevin in out out  redmond , brian in out out  shively , hunter in in in  sturm , fletch in in in  tycholiz , barry in in in  vickers , frank out ? ?  zufferli , john in in in  tammie schoppe  enron americas - office of the chair  assistant to louise kitchen  713 . 853 . 4220 office  713 . 646 . 8562 fax  713 . 253 . 2131 mobile
HAM Subject: approval for restricted websit : web _ research _ pub  per kevin moore , please approve elena chilkina ' s access for the following  restricted website : web _ research _ pub .  thank you ,  information risk management ( et )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by information risk management / hou / ect on  05 / 02 / 2000 09 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  security resource request system  directory line item pending access processing  directory name : website : web _ research _ pub  service type : grant  expiration date :  comments : will send to vince kaminski for approval .  security processing  processing status :  e - mail message :  comments / justification :  general information request : kgme - 4 jtf 4 c  requested by : kevin g moore / hou / ect phone : 713 / 853 - 4710  requested for : elena chilkina / hou / ect employee type :  company : 100038 rc # : 0011  priority : high  comments / justification : she will need the same as michael sergeev . a few has  been listed there may be  some others that are not listed . please apply .  editing history ( only the last five ( 5 ) are shown )  edit # past authors edit dates  1 information risk management 05 / 02 / 2000 09 : 03 : 15 am
HAM Subject: enron announces plans to merge with dynegy  today , we announced plans to merge with dynegy , a major player in the energy marketplace and one of our largest counterparties . dynegy is a great company with businesses very similar to our own . we believe merging with dynegy is the best option to preserve our core businesses that you ' ve worked so hard to build . following are the major components of the transaction .  deal terms  - - the transaction will constitute a stock for stock exchange based on an exchange ratio of 0 . 2685 dynegy shares for every enron share . for example , each 1 , 000 shares of enron stock will be converted to 268 shares of dynegy upon closing , plus cash for fractional shares , upon closing .  - - chevrontexaco owns approximately 26 percent of dynegy ' s outstanding common stock . chevrontexaco will invest $ 1 . 5 billion in dynegy immediately and an additional $ 1 billion in dynegy on closing of the merger . dynegy will immediately invest $ 1 . 5 billion in cash in enron ' s northern natural gas subsidiary in exchange for preferred stock in northern natural gas .  - - total outstanding shares of the combined company are expected to be approximately 700 million shares .  - - the transaction is subject to shareholder and regulatory approvals , and is expected to close late next year .  enron will have immediate access to dynegy ' s $ 1 . 5 billion cash investment in enron ' s northern natural gas subsidiary .  management of newly formed company  chuck watson will be chairman and ceo of the newly formed company , which will be called dynegy inc . , and steve bergstrom will be president and coo .  i will continue to serve as chairman and ceo of enron until the transaction closes . i will not join the dynegy office of the chairman . greg whalley will continue to serve as president and coo of enron until the transaction closes . then he will become an executive vice president of the new company and will join the dynegy office of the chairman . mark frevert will continue as vice chairman of enron .  management from enron and dynegy will work together to ensure a smooth , efficient integration . the make - up of the integration team has not yet been determined .  the merger will be a long and complex process and is expected to close by the end of the third quarter 2002 . this merger will create an enormous growth engine , providing great opportunities for our employees , shareholders and customers . as with any merger , some elimination of positions is almost inevitable , and one of our key tasks will be to identify the optimal structure of the new company . we hope to be able to address any need for work force reductions through attrition and hiring reductions . clearly , we cannot rule out involuntary separation , but dynegy is motivated to identify and retain the best talent from both organizations . i promise you that i will do everything i can to make this transition as smooth as possible .  as i said in my video , this is a day like no other in our company ' s history . we considered several options , but we believe that this merger with dynegy is the best option to help rebuild investor and market confidence , strengthen our balance sheet and preserve our core businesses .  i know you have a lot of questions about this transaction and about next steps . we have a list of frequently asked questions posted at . if you have additional questions , please submit them to questions @ enron . com . we will post updates as soon as we have answers to your questions . if you receive any calls from the media , please refer them to our media team at ( 713 ) 853 - 5670 .  i ask you to consider the enormously bright future of the newly formed company . rather than closing doors , we are opening new ones , as this deal enables the customers and shareholders of both companies to participate in the tremendous benefit of the combined enterprise , including our market reach , financial strength and industry experience . together , we will be a new merchant powerhouse .  and again , thank you for everything you have done for enron .  investors and security holders are urged to carefully read the joint proxy statement / prospectus regarding the proposed transactions when it becomes available , because it will contain important information . investors and security holders may obtain a free copy of the joint proxy statement / prospectus ( when it is available ) and other documents containing information about dynegy and enron , without charge , at the sec ' s web site at www . sec . gov . copies of the joint proxy statement / prospectus and the sec filings that will be incorporated by reference in the joint proxy statement / prospectus may also be obtained for free by directing a request to either : investor relations , dynegy inc . , 1000 louisiana , suite 5800 , houston , tx 77002 , phone : ( 713 ) 507 - 6400 , fax : ( 713 ) 507 - 6808 ; or investor relations , enron corp . , 1400 smith street , houston , tx 77002 , phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 3956 , fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3002 .  in addition , the identity of the persons who , under sec rules , may be considered " participants in the solicitation " of dynegy and enron shareholders in connection with the proposed transactions , and any description of their direct or indirect interests , by security holdings or otherwise , are available in an sec filing under schedule 14 a made by each of dynegy and enron .
HAM Subject: update on issuance of the dpr  the dpr for 11 / 30 / 01 is now complete and has been published to the erv .  for the last few days , the production of the dpr has been put on hold due to the increased activity around terminations . positions and var for the dpr will start to be produced for trading day 12 / 10 / 01 and we are planning to produce a full dpr ( inclusive of p & l ) on a weekly basis .  please call if you have any questions .  best regards  shona wilson  director , global risk operations  x 39123
HAM Subject: ees / epmi split  i heard dave ' s voicemail . i appreciate his concern . however , i don ' t think that the delineation is easy to do . i am confident that my team knows what we are good at and what we aren ' t good at . if we aren ' t best suited to serve the load , we will act like " one enron " and send the account over to the them . the split should really be driven by the customer ' s needs and which utility they are behind . for example , montana power has a wonderful balancing tariff where the utility looks at the scheduled volume and compares it to the actual volumes and settles directly with the customer for imbalances . we don ' t do any metering , we don ' t do any unique billing , the loads range anywhere from 1 mw to 25 mw . ena is definitely best suited to serve these industrials because commodity price is their top interest . the pugest system is about to open up with a structure that is similar to montana ' s . ena will be very well positioned to serve this load . the same company could have a plant in california . we wouldn ' t serve that load because the expertise needed to manage the ctc risk ( before this thing blew up anyway ) , the challenge of metering and tracking metered volumes on a schedule vs . actual basis , and the load forecasting . the same company could also own gas stations in the west . we have no interest in serving gas stations .  i also heard the message attached to dave ' s from scott dann ( sp ? ) . his message did little to open communication between groups . he provided no details on what the issue was in the west with respect to epmi ( ena ) and ees . for us to do this right , ees and ena need to be able to solve problems without involving the office of the chair of each company . i would be happy to work with anyone from ees to resolve who should be covering which accounts .  i still can ' t think of a clean way to divide customers . each approach has its problems . each company ( ees and ena ) has its strengths . our strength is commodity pricing and delivering a mw to anywhere on the western grid . their strength is in tariff analysis , energy management , and aggregating loads .  for the west , i am confident that chris calger and i can sort out any disputes with ees that are reasonable . we know what we are good at . we have a proven track record with a large number of industrials in the west . i still believe that our customers and shareholders are best served with our favored approach . it will require better communication on the operating level between ees and ena .
HAM Subject: re : tuesday , december 26 th  i can be here .  mary poorman @ enron  12 / 20 / 2000 08 : 34 am  to : michael olsen / na / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , clem  cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect ,  sabrae zajac / hou / ect @ ect , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , mark  mccoy / corp / enron @ enron , aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect , mary  poorman / na / enron @ enron , eddie janzen / na / enron @ enron  cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect  subject : tuesday , december 26 th  we will need a small staff to handle potential trades for wed . the 27 th .  most of the pipelines are out of the office , so i would expect the work load  to be minimal . i plan on coming in , and would like to have a minimum of  three on staff , so i need two volunteers ( one offsystem , just in case ) . if  anyone is going to be in town , please forward a number , in case we need to  call any additional people in , or have you work on a laptop from home . i  will get with you after the new year to make up the holiday you miss , or , you  can schedule your day now , i have the calendars . also , i will be out on  vacation friday , dec . 22 nd and will need someone to send the nominations to  the plants , i don ' t expect to have full system coverage , just hpl / hpl and  hpl / ena as needed . let me know if you are interested in learning how to do  this .  thank you ,  mary
HAM Subject: urgent  ed has requested that we compile a list this morning of all parties / points which we owe gas to , in the event that we need to find a home for excess volumes today . please email me a list of any meters / contracts that you are aware of . i am compiling an interim list based upon the rtu variance report for march , however , i don ' t want to rely on this list as you may be engaged in balancing at meters with variances .  thank you ,  mary
HAM Subject: hpl meter # 986290 indian hills plant - tejas  daren :  on 9 / 15 / 99 , the above meter recorded flow of 2 , 476 mmbtus . there was deal  # 113050 at the meter for 9 / 14 / 99 , but it expired on 9 / 14 / 99 . logistics  needs either ( 1 ) deal # 113050 extended to cover 9 / 15 / 99 ; ( 2 ) a new deal to  record these volumes ; or ( 3 ) logistics needs approval to writeoff these  volumes to unaccounted for gas . ( please print , sign , and return original to  clem cernosek ) .  deal / deal ticket # / customer ( seller / buyer )  or  approval to writeoff the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss  thanks , clem
HAM Subject: message 2  i am sorry to send you the multi - email , because the mail server doesn ' t have  enough memory . it always cause some troubles .  ps : attached with my paper entitled " multireset american - style put options  valuation and optimal resetting " .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  quentin kerr , email : qkerr @ maths . uq . edu . au  room : 67 - 622 tel : ( 07 ) 33461428  department of mathematics , the university of queensland  - multiresets . ps
HAM Subject: roseville dash  all ,  attached is the latest roseville dash with most of your comments incorporated . we are hoping to finalize this by the end of the week , incorporate the final results from rac and circulate for final approval early next week . please review and forward comments to both myself and mark fillinger by end of business tomorrow ( 5 / 3 ) . if you have any questions , contact either myself or mark ( 415 - 782 - 7815 ) . thanks .  michael wong  enron north america  ( w ) 415 - 782 - 7808  ( f ) 415 - 782 - 7851
HAM Subject: re : meeting today and trip to houston  omar , thanks for the presentation and the e - mail . as i tried to emphasize on  the phone call , there will be short - term and long - term efforts to utilize  opnet . often the short - term needs rules at ebs . we will sort out what they  during our discussion in houston . i am confirming the meeting in houston  6 - 8 th .  i shall ask shirely crenshaw to arrange for a conference room on the 19 th  floor . the meeting will be held all day from april 6 th , 7 th and half day 8 th .  the 8 th is a saturday and the meeting will be held to wrap things up if  needed .  ravi .  background info . for enron research people . opnet is a simulation tool that  many in the industry use to do capacity planning to ip based applications and  services on a network . detail adenda will follow .  i wanted to take the opportunity to thank you for the time we had this  morning to discuss the performance engineering program at ebs . i think  you ' ll find that the value to enron from the overall approach is quite  high . i have a much better picture now of some of the short term drivers  that need to be addressed as we move forward . as i work with you , i think  we ' ll quickly emerge with a clear picture of what needs to be done and when .  as soon as you confirm your schedule for april 6 - 8 , i ' ll book my travel to  get to houston . i ' ve already put in a call to opnet technologies to have  them get a resource out to houston on one of those days for a demonstration  and q & a about the opnet toolset .  i ' ll compose an agenda for us to use during that meeting in houston and get  it out to you next week .  if there are any questions , please email me at  ozaidi @ lucent . com  you can also call me at 503 778 0653 . i am also pageable at 1 800 467 1467 .  have a great weekend and i look forward to hearing from you next week about  the april 6 - 8 meeting .  best wishes . . . .
HAM Subject: caida ' metrics ' wg meeting , 2 mar 00  hi vince , i ( and possibly stinson as well ) will be attending this initial  meeting looks like kick - off type of meeting . i will try to attend to drill  into what they can offer and what we have committed . make sure that we get  from the arrangement n john griebling & jim irvine ' s perspective and ours .  i ' ll fire off additional information as i get them .  ravi .  - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 23 / 00 10 : 51  am - - - - -  nevil @ ipn . caida . org  02 / 22 / 00 12 : 16 pm  to : members @ caida . org  cc : nevil @ caida . org , ( bcc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications )  subject : caida ' metrics ' wg meeting , 2 mar 00  hello caida members :  update on the caida working groups . .  a . ' metrics @ caida . org ' mailing list  b . wg charters , meeting on 2 mar 00  a . ' metrics @ caida . oeg ' mailing list  i ' ve set up a single mailing list with this name , for discussions on wg  topics , passive measurements , etc . to start with it ' s a moderated list  ( i . e . you have to be a member of the list to post to it , you join by sending  email to nevil @ caida . org asking to be added to the ' metrics ' list ) , with  the following initial set of members :  sue moon ,  brett watson ,  hans - werner braun ,  matt mathis ,  ian graham ,  tony mcgregor ,  john cleary ,  joerg micheel ,  kevin thompson ,  jambi gambar ,  daniel mcrobb ,  david moore ,  sean mccreary  rene hatem ,  shankar rao ,  cindy bickerstaff ,  jeff sedayao ,  steve feldman ,  bill woodcock  two questions for caida members :  i . who else would you suggest be invited to join the list ?  ii . should the list continue to be moderated , or should it  be changed into an open list ?  b . ' working group ' developments  following the caida members ' meeting on 8 feb 00 i ' ve attempted to define  exactly what problem we could consider getting an ietf working group  started on . my summary of the existing ietf wgs with interests in metrics  is given below ( appendix b ) , but it seems unlikely that we could get a  new ietf wg started .  i believe that we should instead run a single caida working group  on ' network metrics , ' rather than the two proposed earlier . my draft  of its charter is appended below . it focuses on producing educational  material about network measurement , and on developing new metrics - these  were the two areas of greatest interest amongst the caida members .  the wg co - chairs are  sue moon ( sprintlabs ) and brett watson ( mfn / abovenet )  you are invited to attend the first wg meeting .  the agenda is as follows . .  agenda for caida wg meeting on : thursday 2 mar 00  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  10 am - 4 pm , abovenet , downtown sjc ( see below for details )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  1 . review wg charter  - is it reasonable as set out in the draft ?  - what should be removed or added ?  2 . work through revised charter in detail  - identify the work required for each part  - determine who ' s willing to work on it  - attempt to determine delivery times  3 . discussion of new metrics  - first attempt at making a list of metrics to be considered  4 . anything else ?  location : abovenet is located in the knight - ridder building ,  attached to the fairmont hotel complex . the address is  50 w . san fernando st .  san jose , ca 95113  rsvp : to help us with organising the meeting , please send email to  nevil @ caida . org telling us how many will attend from  your organisation .  cheers , nevil  nevil brownlee visiting researcher  phone : ( 619 ) 822 0893 caida , san diego  caida network metrics working group : draft charter , tue 23 feb 00  goals :  1 education  + faq on what does ' measuring the internet actually mean ? '  - why measure anyway ?  - what can be measured ? how ? where ? by whom ?  - active vs passive , end - to - end vs provider network only ,  application vs transport layer  - rating schemes : provider ' net performance ' pages , internet  ' weather map ' s , keynote , etc .  publish as caida web pages , or maybe as an info rfc  + survey paper on metrics and internet measurement  - current measurement efforts ( surveyor , ripe test traffic ,  amp , iperf , at & t , keynote , skitter , . . . )  - current tools  publish as caida web pages  2 service metrics  + define new metrics  - taxonomy of current metrics ( ippm , rtfm , itu , . . )  - summary of metrics used for current services  - gather information / ideas about new / emerging services ,  especially diffserv - based ones  - make list of new metrics , either to improve measurement of  existing services or to support new ones  [ list of ' metrics ' questions ( appendix a ) goes here ]  + organise experimental implementation / testing of tools  for new metrics  + make recommendations on implementation  - define core set of ' really useful ' metrics  - recommend that caida implement these as a  ' service measurement toolkit '  + publish new metric definitions through ippm or rtfm  + produce document " measurement requirements for hardware / software  vendors . " publish on caida web pages  appendix a : questions from the earlier draft caida wg charters  a . what types of network - and transport - layer metrics are being  used by isps in engineering and operating their networks ?  by customers for verifying service guarantees ?  b . what new services are being ( or are likely to be ) offered , e . g .  diffserv ? is there a need for higher - layer metrics to better  monitor and manage these services ?  c . will these new differentiated transport - and  application - layer services need new metrics ?  d . how can the service metrics be measured in a multi - isp  environment ?  e . how can customers verify these measurements ?  f . what requirements would service measurement introduce for  equipment vendors ?  g . how relevant are specific techniques ( e . g . which flow ) and  points of measurement to specific users ( isp , customer , etc . )  requirements ?  h . how do these metrics relate to network behavior as perceived  by users ? how do they correlate with performance ?  appendix b : background on the ietf working groups  * rtfm wg : realtime traffic flow measurement  rtfm is concerned with passive measurements of two - way traffic flows ,  specified in terms of their end - point attributes . its primary goal was  to produce an improved traffic flow measurement model considering at least the  following needs :  a . wider range of measurable quantities , e . g . those  relating to ipv 6 , and to class of service  b . simpler ways to specify flows of interest  c . better ways to control access to measured flow data  d . strong focus on data reduction capabilities  e . efficient hardware implementation  * ippm wg : ip performance measurement  the ippm wg charter is to develop a set of standard metrics that can  be applied to the quality , performance , and reliability of internet  data delivery services . these metrics will be designed such that they  can be performed by network operators , end users , or independent  testing groups . it is important that the metrics not represent a value  judgement ( i . e . define " good " and " bad " ) , but rather provide unbiased  quantitative measures of performance .  rfcs  framework for ip performance metrics ( rfc 2330 )  metrics :  connectivity ( rfc 2678 ) ,  one - way delay ( rfc 2679 ) , one - way packet loss ( rfc 2680 )  round - trip delay ( rfc 2681 )  i - ds  bulk transfer capacity ( 2 x )  instantaneous packet delay variation  one - way loss patterns  * other wgs  the rmonmib wg is thinking about ' application performance  measurement . ' this is clearly a hard problem ( e . g . does this just  mean response - time measurement , can it be done by passive means , how  should the measurements be presented , etc . ) .  in short  - rtfm provides a good distributed measuring system for traffic  volumes  - ippm has concentrated on transport - layer behaviour of the  current , best - effort internet .  - rmonmib is beginning to consider application - layer measurement  
HAM Subject: india status and update  i had a meeting today with milind laad ( financial controller ) , anand s .  ( manager - accounts ) and heidi hellman ( commercial associate & person  responsible for setting up the mid & back office functions ) from the indian  office in regards to their expected coal , power , liquid fuels , and gas  transactions . we based the discussion around the checklist ( copy attached  below ) . the following is a summary of the meeting .  india is in the process of looking at potential deals but has not signed any  contracts yet . heidi and milind believe that in the near term india will  only be doing a few structured deals and no trading .  heidi , milind and i went over the checklist together and the results indicate  that there is still a lot to do before india commences activities . they have  talked to a number of people about their plans but have not formalized  anything as of yet . also , i ' m not sure they yet appreciate the number of  processes and procedures that must be established before any transactions  have commenced .  i politely told milind that the enron way is to have systems , processes ,  procedures and controls established before any deals have commenced and that  we have to make sure this happens . lastly , there are certain things that  they told me that i ' m a bit worried about ( the first is that a commercial  person is responsible for setting up controls and processes ) . i would like  to talk to each about some of these as well as about what involvement you  have had with india to date and what involvement you may have on an ongoing  basis .  regards  shona
HAM Subject: powerisk 2000 - cocktail parties  for your information  thanks  iona  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by iona maclean / lon / ect on 21 / 09 / 2000 15 : 00  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : tunuja tulsiani  21 / 09 / 2000 14 : 50  to :  cc : rosemary fitzgerald , simon turner  subject : powerisk 2000 - cocktail parties  important announcement  two key social functions at powerisk 2000 *  your personal invitation  powerisk 2000 has teamed up with three key industries partners to  bring two important networking functions at this year ' s powerisk  2000 . a full invitation has been sent to you in the post but please  print out and bring the two attached invitations with you in case  your postal copy does not reach you for any reason .  the first cocktail party will be held on tuesday 3 rd october  between 6 pm and 9 pm and will be hosted by virtual credit services  and true quote . com . this welcome cocktail party is open to all  delegates and speakers whether or not you are attending the  e - commerce day on the tuesday . running until 9 pm , it should  allow you time to attend even if you have a late evening flight .  the second cocktail party will be held on wednesday 4 th october  at the palais brongniart , the home of parisbourse who will be  hosting the function . transport to and from this event will be  provided for all delegates .  there is no need to reply * we look forward to seeing you at  both events .  regards  rosemary fitzgerald  powerisk 2000 director
HAM Subject: revisions for hpl nom . 4 / 18 / 01 and 4 / 19 / 01  ( see attached file : hplno 418 . xls ) ( see attached file : hplno 419 . xls )  - hplno 418 . xls  - hplno 419 . xls
HAM Subject: since it is prc time  after all of the chaos and discontent over the aep / hpl situation , i thought i would convey some first hand comment in regard to bob hall . every person that has spoken to me about the aep / hpl situation , has had nothing but praise for the fair and compassionate way that bob has dealt with some very difficult situations . through my personal observations , i know that he has also done a great job of keeping the ultimate goal of a june closing on track , in the face of huge obstacles .  since this is prc time , i thought i would share this with you .  if you have any questions or would like some more particulars , please feel to give me a call at x 36674 or shoot me an email .
HAM Subject: fw : realmoney . com phew ! enron stinks  this was the guy on cnbc  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : hayden , frank  sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 11 : 10 am  to : buy , rick ; murphy , ted ; port , david  subject : realmoney . com phew ! enron stinks
HAM Subject: replied resume  i am forwarding a resume of one candidate who is very  persistent and quite aggressive .  please , take a look at him .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 23 / 2000  08 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  eric hilton on 06 / 22 / 2000 11 : 20 : 11 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : replied resume  mr . kaminski ,  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? i sent an actual resume via the postal service . i guess you never  received it . thank you for your patience .  a few features i possess that suggest that i may be a representative your  well established company would value are :  ? seven - plus years as a manager / junior executive of logistics in a fast - paced ,  demanding , and constantly evolving retail industry .  experience in effectively developing and implementing policies and tasks  under marketing , logistics , brand management , and best practices .  ba degree in marketing with a 3 . 88 gpa from the university of san moritz ,  london england .  extensive knowledge in management with the ability to effectively manage  multiple tasks , as well as multiple associates , to achieve specific goals in  research and brand management within the company ' s deadline .  seven - plus years effectively implementing and teaching dynamic and successful  customer service .  with my current employer , i am in charge of logistics research and  reports / data collection , as well as responsible for developing new and  successful ideas and implementing them under constantly evolving brand  management and best practices .  traveling to london , england and extensively finishing my degree indicates  that i am willing to go the  & extra mile  8 to achieve and obtain my goals .  perhaps , mr . kaminiski , ? i am an associate you need at your well - respected  company . i would be very happy to meet with you , at your convenience , to  discuss the possibility of putting my education and experience to work for  enron .  thank you for your consideration . i look forward to hearing from you . i have  attached my resume to this email formatted under microsoft word .  warmest regards ,  eric hilton  ?  - my resume
HAM Subject: calpine for 5 / 12 thru 5 / 14 ( 1465 )  ricky sent me the nom early - 87 , 000 for the weekend .  my new number 713 - 571 - 3258  thanks - julie
HAM Subject: concur expense ( xms ) common questions  concur expense ( xms )  common questions  1 . where can i find online documentation on concur expense ?  answer : documentation on concur expense is stored in the isc document library . go to the following link :  http : / / isc . enron . com / site / doclibrary / user / default . asp and click on the xms - concur expense folder on the left .  2 . how can i sign up for concur expense training and how much does it cost ?  answer : go to the following link : http : / / iscedcenter . enron . com / docentlm / login . htm . log in using your enron email address . enter your birth date as the password in the following format : mmddyyyy . under the courses section , select concur expense ( xms ) . this will show the training schedule . click the enroll button to sign up for a class . the cost is $ 250 .  3 . will old xms expense reports be converted to the new concur expense system ?  answer : no . history data was not converted to the new system because of our move to an application service provider ( asp ) solution for concur expense .  4 . how can i view my old expense reports ?  answer : call the isc customer care group at 713 - 345 - 4727 . the isc will be responsible for printing out old expense reports and forwarding them to you . other options are being reviewed to allow you to view old expense reports .  5 . are there any enron specific help instructions for concur expense ?  answer : yes . if you log into concur expense , you will see a link to enron help on the concur expense home page under the company links section . also you will see a button for enron help at the top of the screen when entering expense reports .  6 . is enron ' s travel policy available in concur expense ?  answer : yes . if you log into concur expense , you will see a link to travel policy on the concur expense home page under the company links section . also you will see a button for travel policy at the very top of the screen when entering expense reports  7 . what if i am unable to see any of my credit card charges in concur expense ?  answer : since there are a number of factors that could cause this problem , it is best to call the isc customer care group first . the isc will research the problem and get back to you with an answer .  8 . does concur expense have a time - out feature ?  answer : yes . concur expense will automatically time out after 20 minutes of inactivity .  9 . how do i enter foreign currency into concur expense ?  answer : go to the isc document library described in # 1 above . go to the xms - concur expense folder . next go to the special procedures folder and following the directions stated in the document called add a foreign currency expense to an expense report .  10 . are there any other sources to quickly get me started using concur expense ?  answer : yes . concur expense provides a quick tour for new users . log into concur expense and click the help button in the top right corner of the screen . then click the button labeled quick tour at the top of the help screen . the isc intranet home page also contains some helpful information . the following link summarizes some of the topics discussed above : http : / / isc . dev . corp . enron . com / site / xmschange . htm .  11 . can you quickly describe some of the internal changes in the new concur expense system ?  answer : there are minimal changes in the new upgrade . here is a list :  ? the first screen only has one tab instead of two  ? new expense types were added  ? attendees and approvers will now be printed on the expense reports  ? manager and receipt dunning notices will be sent out  ? the statistical order and statistical wbs element fields have been separated out  please direct all other questions to the isc customer care group at 713 - 345 - 4727 .
HAM Subject: middlo office slide for board presentation - version 2  fyi - information for limit extension approval of board - general context for  previous continental power discussions .  clearly we have ' summarised ' issues where possible .  call if you need any details  mike  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 25 / 07 / 2000 20 : 39  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  james new  25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 12  to : markus urban / lon / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect  cc : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , gregor baumerich / lon / ect @ ect , paul  mead / lon / ect @ ect  subject : middlo office slide for board presentation - version 2  second iteration with a couple of minor changes !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james new / lon / ect on 25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 12  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  james new  25 / 07 / 2000 19 : 02  to : markus urban / lon / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect  cc : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , gregor baumerich / lon / ect @ ect , paul  mead / lon / ect @ ect  subject : middlo office slide for board presentation  joe / markus ,  attached is the middle office slide which outlines our planned initiatives to  support the continental power business as requested .  please give me a call if you have any queries .  james
HAM Subject: you may recall that we met at a jp morgan luncheon a few years back .  because of the unsuccessful attempt by morgan to sell the energy business , i  find myself looking for employment . i am attaching a copy of my resume for  your consideration should a position in you organization come available .  many thanks ,  tim  - cover _ enron . doc  - resume . doc
HAM Subject: tw weekly 10 - 20 - 00  please see attached file . if you have any questions , call me at  ( 281 ) 647 - 0769 or ( 281 ) 639 - 6125 .
HAM Subject: updated ios participants  sempra gku 398 bp  usgt kue 876 dg  texaco qrp 394 mv  coral wix 284 hc  duke tqp 482 nb  burlington ope 736 hy  oneok pcv 768 ek  williams mnoo 65 pu  reliant byh 323 mg  amoco ckh 468 om  tenaska ukh 835 hy
HAM Subject: revised hplc purchase estimates - april 2001  deal # 126281 has been revised from 3 , 800 to 3 , 400 / d at meter # 6296 .  bob  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 03 / 29 / 2001 01 : 59 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  suzanne _ saldivar @ eogresources . com on 03 / 29 / 2001 11 : 12 : 01 am  to : rcotten @ enron . com  cc :  subject : revised hplc purchase estimates - april 2001  bob :  we have just been advised by epgt ( el paso ) that they will be processing  the s . g . marshall gas april 2001 ; therefore , eogr will have to reduce the  volume that will be available for sale to hpl . the new estimate is 3 , 400  mmbtu / day .  thanks .  suzanne  713 - 651 - 6858
HAM Subject: ena / eops recruiting business plan  attached is a draft of a recruiting business plan submitted to kathleen for  ena / eops . this information will be integrated into the global business plan  for eops . let me know if you have questions . thanks .  ar / 33202  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alexus rhone / corp / enron on 02 / 17 / 2000  10 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  alexus rhone  01 / 28 / 2000 04 : 27 pm  to : fenninger @ pdq . net  cc : alexus rhone / corp / enron @ enron  subject : ena / eops recruiting business plan  kathleen , attached is the business plan for ena / eops . i ' m scheduled to  attend several staff meetings next week . kim , norma and i are still trying  to schedule a meeting to discuss how we will address the overall hr needs of  eops . let me know if you have any questions . thanks .  ar / 33202
HAM Subject: april wellhead production estimate  daren ,  this didn ' t help as i am unable to access any information on the file .  bob  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001 04 : 36  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 21 / 2001 02 : 42 pm  to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect  cc : melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate  subject : april wellhead production estimate  bob ,  please see the attached file calculating an estimate of wellhead production  for the month of april , 2001 . please be advised that this is a preliminary  estimate as i have yet to meet with the gas buyers and i have not received  any customer nominations . our pre - nom meeting is on tomorrow at 3 : 00 p . m .  thanks ,  vlt  x 3 - 6353
HAM Subject: re : message from grant  grant ,  i shall be in the office for a few hours today ( looks like food poisoning ) .  i shall try to call you from home .  i don ' t see any major problem . i shall call david oxley and ask how we could  structure the rehire so that you are not hosed this year .  vince  " grant masson " on 12 / 13 / 2000 11 : 07 : 12 pm  to :  cc :  subject : message from grant  vince :  ?  having now the benefit of some experience with el paso , i conclude that  enron would offer more for me in the long term . ? if you have an interest in  discussing the matter further , please give me a call . i would appreciate  your comments . ?  ?  best regards ,  grant .  ?  ( mobile ) 281 381 9983  ( home ) 713 664 7260
HAM Subject: april nominations at shell deer park  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary w lamphier / hou / ect on 03 / 26 / 2001 09 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " shankster jl ( luther ) " on 03 / 24 / 2001 10 : 26 : 11 pm  to : " lamphier , gary "  cc : " carter , john " , " oppio , janet " , " ricks , ruth "  subject : april nominations at shell deer park  gary ,  april 2001 nominations for gas delivery to shell deer park are as follows :  firm baseload - 60 , 000 mmbtu / d  spot swing supply - 0 ( zero )  delivery of the above contract quantities is expected to be as follows :  hpl - hp hpl - e hpl - s  firm 35 , 000 mmbtu / d 25 , 000 mmbtu / d - 0 - mmbtu / d  refinery turnaround activity started in january has been completed . chemical  plant turnaround work is scheduled to begin in april and conclude in may .  please note the zero nomination for the hpl - s station during the olefin  turnaround .  please let me know if you have any questions  j . luther shankster  energy & utilities planning  > phone : 713 / 277 - 9307  > fax : 713 / 277 - 9941  > e - mail : jlshankster @ equiva . com  >
HAM Subject: re : first delivery - wheeler operating  vance ,  deal # 643714 has been created and entered in sitara .  bob  vance l taylor  02 / 23 / 2001 04 : 55 pm  to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect  cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia  hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p  reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect  subject : first delivery - wheeler operating  bob ,  the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and  entered into sitara based on the following :  counterparty meter volumes price period global no .  wheeler operating 9879 800 mmbtu / d 85 % gas daily 2 / 17 - 2 / 28 nya  fyi , i have created and submitted a committed reserves firm ticket for the  remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of march . additionally ,  this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead  portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract .  thanks ,  vlt  x 3 - 6353  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 02 / 23 / 2001  04 : 21 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : esther buckley 02 / 22 / 2001 10 : 39 am  to : molly l carriere / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , donna  consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , robert cook / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect ,  lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , nathan l hlavaty / hou / ect @ ect , wayne e  lightfoot / hou / ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , steve  hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , michael  walters / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , mary jo johnson / hou / ees @ ees ,  rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl  jones / gpgfin / enron @ enron , reid hansen / gco / enron @ enron , darron c  giron / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect ,  gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , donald p  reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , david  baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect ,  jeff a austin / hou / ees @ ees , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , dawn c  kenne / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , j r fosdick / gco / enron @ enron ,  carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect , pat  clynes / corp / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , robert  walker / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , joanne  harris / na / enron @ enron , christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect ,  daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : first delivery - wheeler operating  please see attached letter
HAM Subject: re : sorry .  thank you , vince . i really like your idea .  thank you again ,  - chonawee  vince j kaminski @ ect  01 / 04 / 2001 05 : 17 pm  to : chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : sorry .  chonawee ,  this was perfectly all right . as a matter of fact i expect and encourage  the members of the group to disagree with me ( or anybody else )  on any subject . i am never offended by it and take it as a manifestation  of ability to think independently and having the courage of one ' s  convictions .  nobody has the monopoly on truth and nobody knows everything . the only  way we can learn and avoid costly errors ( to ourselves and the  company ) is by having open communication . in enron ,  facts are friendly .  by the way , it was an excellent presentation .  vince  chonawee supatgiat @ enron  01 / 04 / 2001 03 : 10 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : sorry .  hi vince , i am sorry for correcting on the revenue of the different auctions .  vickrey 1961 showed that all 4 kinds of auctions would yield the same  expected revenue to the auctioneer . ( dutch , english , first price - sealed bid ,  and second - price sealed bid . ) in fact , the selling price is equal to the  valuation of the second highest bidder . for example , in vickrey auction ,  everyone bids at his own valuation . hence , the winner pays the valuation of  the second highest bidder . in english auction , the second highest valuation  bidder will stop competing if the price is above his valuation . hence , the  winner also gets the item at the price of the second highest valuation bidder .  thank you for attending the meeting and giving many helpful contributions .  - chonawee
HAM Subject: research group accountant  hi dawn :  the research group has moved around so much that we do not know  who to contact for accounting issues . we need to reverse some money  back to one of the groups we are supporting , but do not know who to contact .  do you have a clue ?  we are also still using an sap corp . co # and rc # because we do not  know where to go to get the new ena # ' s .  if you could help in this we would really appreciate it .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ;  start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010920 . txt
HAM Subject: fw : clean retention agreement  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : donnelly , john l [ hr ] [ mailto : john . l . donnelly @ ssmb . com ]  sent : tuesday , december 18 , 2001 6 : 09 am  to : oxley , david  subject : fw : clean retention agreement  gene clark is our internal head of employment law , he is at 212 657 1098 ,  please let me know who you want to hook him up with .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : clark , eugene [ gco ]  sent : monday , december 17 , 2001 7 : 23 pm  to : donnelly , john l [ hr ] ; arber , diane z [ hr ]  subject : fw : clean retention agreement  latest version .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lapasini @ wlrk . com [ mailto : lapasini @ wlrk . com ]  sent : monday , december 17 , 2001 6 : 58 pm  to : clark , eugene [ gco ]  cc : bgoldberger @ wlrk . com  subject : clean retention agreement  *  please be advised that this transmittal may be a confidential  attorney - client communication or may otherwise be privileged or  confidential . if you are not the intended recipient , please do not read ,  copy or re - transmit this communication . if you have received this  communication in error , please notify us by e - mail ( postmaster @ wlrk . com ) or  by telephone ( call us collect at 212 - 403 - 4357 ) and delete this message and  any attachments . thank you in advance for your cooperation and assistance .  *
HAM Subject: shared services  don ' t know if you have seen this . . .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brent a price / hou / ect on 25 / 09 / 2000 16 : 21  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : jeffrey a shankman 20 / 09 / 2000 12 : 37  to : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : shared services  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect on 09 / 20 / 2000  12 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  john sherriff  09 / 20 / 2000 03 : 32 am  sent by : lauren urquhart  to : mike mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey  mcmahon / hou / ect @ ect , raymond bowen / hou / ect @ ect , steve elliott / enron  communications @ enron communications , matthew scrimshaw / lon / ect @ ect , richard  causey / corp / enron @ enron , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , mark frevert / na / enron @ enron , lauren  urquhart / lon / ect @ ect  subject : shared services  i am asking my assistant , lauren to set up a video conference to discuss the  support services that enron europe is providing and how we  should move forward to make these more responsive to your needs , as well as  more efficient . we will have a number of classic " centralized versus  decentralized " matters to resolve and i doubt if one size will fit all . keep  in mind that we have no desire to expand our empire . in fact , from our  perspective if our non - commerical headcount got smaller it would be a great  outcome . but the way it is has been going lately , we have been adding  non - commerical headcount at a record pace at the same time that each of us is  trying to massively expand our commercial business .  we put a freeze on non - commerical hires earlier this week while we try and  assess our space limitations and plan for the 2001 budge , so this is  important that we get your perspective soon on what will work for you .  global markets has already moved some of these services under brent price in  houston but there are many other services which we need to consider as well  such as :  it development  it infrastructure  rac  credit  risk management  legal  accounts payable  tax  building services  analyst & associate recruiting  senior recruiting  expat services  other hr  pr  governmental relations  sfa relations  finance  i hate to think that we will need to form a committee to work this issue , but  that is a possibility . if you have any suggestions for a process for working  these issues through , please send them out to this group or bring them to our  upcoming meeting .  john
HAM Subject: carnegie mellon resume pre - select list  hello everyone . it is time for the spring recruiting season to begin and  select the candidates we would like to have on our pre - select list . my  coordinator will be handing out the resume books this morning . please call  alyse at extension 57339 with your eb locations so we can be sure to get the  resume books to you . please email me your top 10 picks by noon , friday ,  january 26 th . thank you for your continued support and i look forward to  working with you all this season .  kristin gandy  associate recruiter  associate / analyst program  amh
HAM Subject: todd kimberlain  vince / vasant :  do you know who todd kimberlain is ? is he supposed to be in the research  group and charged to our cost center ? he is .  i have never heard of him , but when you pull his name up , it shows that he  is reporting to mark tawny , but is in the research group and being charged  to our cost center .  he is also on our time site , but i have not been doing his time . i hope  somebody  has !  let me know ,  thanks !  shirley
HAM Subject: re : request from louise  louise ,  great news that you are coming to the monterrey conference !  fyi , conferences in both cities are pretty full already . we have almost 100 people confirmed for the monterrey event , and 85 for mexico city .  the audience is basically finance directors , treasurers and purchasing managers of the top industries in mexico . we covered pretty much the whole country , so in monterrey there are people coming from all the northern states , such as tamaulipas , nuevo leon , coahuila , chihuahua , sonora , durango , zacatecas , etc .  the agenda is attached , and i ' ll jump - start the conference , talk about the agenda , introduce the members of the enron de mexico team that will be present , including you and then , suggestion : i think we should dedicate a minute of silence , in respect to the victims of last week ' s events . after that , i will introduce you , and then pass you the microphone . there will be simultaneous translation so you can feel free to talk in english .  suggested talking points :  - review enron ' s primary achievements in mexico :  - providing risk management products for the mexican industry  - leveraging enron ' s major strengths and capabilities  - leading provider of natural gas and fuel oil derivatives  - serving the top - 200 energy - intensive private companies in mexico  - providing specific products for the mexican market  - helping businesses to increase thier optionality in a regulated environment  - monterrey cogeneration plant  - 245 mw cogeneration facility located in garcia , nuevo leon ( about 20 miles west of monterrey ) .  - natural gas fired ge 7 fa gas turbine is the anchor piece of equipment used at the facility .  - commercial operations set for october 31 , 2002 .  - expand our business in the future :  - derived from the integration of mexico - us energy markets  - provide transparency and optionality to markets ( power and gas )  u . s . - sourced power  cogeneration or combined cycle facilities  i will coordinate with tammy for picking you up at the monterrey airport . let me know if you want to have lunch or if you plan to eat during your flight .  best regards ,  jaime williams  steve sent you a breifing on the vitro plant , in case the topic it comes up :  the following is a brief bullet point description of the monterrey cogeneration plant to incorporate intom the information you are send louise in preparation for the conference tomorrow .  * 245 mw cogeneration facility located in garcia , nuevo leon ( about 20 miles west of monterrey ) .  * natural gas fired ge 7 fa gas turbine is the anchor piece of equipment used at the facility .  * commercial operations set for october 31 , 2002 .  * power purchasers are vitro ( 110 mw ) , imsa ( 90 mw ) , and apasco ( 40 mw ) under 15 year ppas .  * vitro subsidiary alcali to be supplied 210 tons per hour of steam under a 15 year spa .  * transmission and distribution of the electricity to be provided by the cfe .  * natural gas to be provided by pgpb ( pemex ) .  * financing provided by the inter - american development bank .  * major equipment foundations have been completed at the construction site , and equipment is beginning to be placed on the foundations .  * the offtakers of energy from this plant are expected to save over us $ 400 mm over the term of the 15 year agreements  a couple of other things to note are to the extent the project comes up , all enron people should refer to the project as the monterrey cogeneration plant and not the vitro plant so as not to diminish imsa and apasco , and to the extent we are questioned on the sell - down of the equity the response there is that initiative , while not finalized , is being pursued to manage enron ' s balance sheet and that enron will continue to maintain a significant equity interest in the facility .
HAM Subject: nomination - 2 - 23 - 2000  i meant 2 / 24 / 2000 as the effective date of this nom .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec on  02 / 23 / 2000  09 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  bruce mcmills  02 / 23 / 2000 08 : 55 am  to : dfarmer @ enron . com , briley @ enron . com , william e .  speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec ,  chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec  cc : michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , darrel f .  bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec  subject : nomination - 2 - 23 - 2000  please incerease deliveries to eastrans to 65 , 000 mmbtu / d eff 2 / 23 / 2000 .  7 , 000 will come from fuels cotton valley .  maintain sale of 500 mmbtu / d .  increase pg & e nom to 58 , 000 mmbtu / d .  the agreement provides for up to 60 , 000 mmbtu at our option .  brian riley needs to approve the increase to 65 , 000 mmbtu / d .
HAM Subject: re : fw : ssmb lawyer ' s request  louise , thank you for your timeline . is it envisioned the distribution of  the eta on monday will include revised general terms and conditions or will  that be sent later ? thanks  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  to : flood , scott l [ gco ]  cc : taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; forster , david  ; webb , jay  sent : thu jan 03 12 : 55 : 24 2002  subject : fw : ssmb lawyer ' s request  > scott  >  > mark taylor forwarded me your request , i thought it may be helpful to  introduce myself and dave forster , dave is the vice president in charge of  the commercial / operational aspects of enrononline ( that was ! ) . we do have a  relaunch plan in place which highlights critical timings which need to be  met over the next weeks . i hope this will assist you . as mark probably  already informed you we are taking the opportunity to update the pa and eta .  under the timescale we do plan to have these with you today .  >  > should citigroup be the winning bidder , we are currently planning to use  the website name " citigroupenergy . com , ' ssmbenergy . com ' or ' ssbenergy . com ' .  if you intend to give us one of your own doamine names please let us know .  >  > if you have any questions on the timetable , please do not hesitate to  contact dave or myself , or on the form of the agreements mark taylor .  >  > thanks  >  > louise  >  > louise kitchen  > chief operating officer  > enron americas  > tel : 713 853 3488  > fax : 713 646 2308  >  >  >  > > >  >  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : taylor , mark e ( legal )  > sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 11 : 11 am  > to : kitchen , louise  > subject : ssmb lawyer ' s request  >  >  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : " flood , scott l [ gco ] " @ enron  > sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 10 : 46 am  > to : taylor , mark e ( legal )  > subject : electronic trading  >  > mark ,  > thanks for the call yesterday . it was very helpful . can you send me a  copy  > of the electronic trading and pass word application agreements ? thanks  this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and  may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the  intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by  others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or  authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply  to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all  copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not  intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a  binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its  affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be  relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise .  thank you .  
HAM Subject: interview schedule for shen ( charles ) yingquan  please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the  interview will occur on friday october 13 , 2000 . please print all three  documents for your reference . if you have any questions , or conflicts of  schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .  stephanie  58701
HAM Subject: pastoria - kern  calpine just confirmed the following : tomorrow they will commit to 50 - 100 per day of kern expansion . they will commit 100 / day if enron commits to take 50 of it if the project sale does not close . if enron does not commit to the 50 , they will only go in for 50 and enron will not have any rights to it .  bottom line - we have gone from needing to commit to 100 / day of transport to 0 - 50 per day . we will need to decide on this tomorrow morning .  chris
HAM Subject: re : iris mack  let me see what we can work out , vince , and we ' ll get back to you .  molly  vince j kaminski  12 / 18 / 2000 01 : 46 pm  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : iris mack  molly ,  this is the list of people we can ask to interview iris .  i would include one ( or possibly more ) people from each group below ,  depending on availability .  1 . debbie brackett or bill bradford  2 . ted murphy , bjorn hagelman or david port  3 . mark tawney or joe hrgovcic  4 . greg whalley or louise kitchen  i shall send a message to them explaining that we try to identify the best  fit for a good  candidate .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 12 / 18 / 2000 11 : 57 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : iris mack  iris would like to come on thursday , 12 / 28 / 2000 , to visit with you and your  group . she will be in new orleans , and will just fly in for the day .  molly
HAM Subject: fw : please read . . don ' t delete  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : fletcher , thomas  sent : monday , july 31 , 2000 8 : 19 am  to : susie , catherine ; glover , rusty ; almaguer , michael ; dewey , daniel ;  beard , jaime  subject : fw : please read . . don ' t delete  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : seth graham [ mailto : sethgraham @ tcainternet . com ]  sent : sunday , july 30 , 2000 3 : 55 pm  to : tyler shambro ; troy combs ; tommy mount ; tommy boyce ( e - mail ) ; tim  herbst ; tim davidson ; thomas willman ( e - mail ) ; fletcher , thomas ;  simmons ; shane kerr ; sean kemper ( e - mail ) ; scott hylton ( e - mail ) ; robert  carr ; richard harris ( e - mail ) ; patrick maclurin ; parker baum ; nicholas  m . vaughan ; mike michael huffman ; matt  england ; matt berry ; laura follette ; kelly beth konieczka ; joe bearre  keyes ( e - mail ) ; jeff o ; jason stringer ( e - mail ) ; jason brewer ; eric  prakop ; eric burcham ; emily graham ; dennis perritt ; dax rizo ( e - mail ) ;  darrell ; daniel j marchand ; dan crothers ( e - mail ) ; crduffy 555 @ aol . com ;  chris traylor ( e - mail ) ; cherie c . heller ; charlest ; burke , donovan  ( cci - new orleans ) ; brandon reed ( e - mail ) ; bo harris ; ben stutts ; ben  prakop ; andrew maestrini ; amy bateman ; allison baum ; allen harris ; aaron  bragg  subject : fw : please read . . don ' t delete  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : gregory fulcher  to : ; ; ;  ; ; ;  ; ; ;  ; ;  sent : sunday , july 30 , 2000 9 : 08 am  subject : fwd : please read . . don ' t delete  >  >  >  > > from : 504 boyl @ excite . com  > > to : richdog 75 @ yahoo . com , just @ mobiletel . com , alxwilliams @ hotmail . com ,  > > bpb @ pds - btr . com , btoups @ lwcc . com , cadechiasson @ hotmail . com ,  > > callahantroyt @ jdcorp . deere . com , liz 8989 @ yahoo . com , copperdawn @ excite . com ,  > > carolinedu 79 @ hotmail . com , deaton 9656 @ aol . com , fieldsltd @ aol . com ,  > > flutchl 1 @ hotmail . com , zigzag @ cajun . net , jeffgros @ peoplepc . com ,  > > bretta @ peoplepc . com , chilll 17 @ hotmail . com , benoitjasonp @ johndeere . com ,  > > jason _ templet @ oxy . com , kytlc @ prodigy . net , jloeskl @ lsu . edu ,  > > jloeskefg @ hotmail . com , percllv @ starent . com ,  > > mark _ belteau @ uniroyalchemical . com , jenilyn @ mobiletel . com ,  > > smatherne . rjhs @ lafourche . kl 2 . la . us , mchiasson @ internet 8 . net ,  > > nock 72 @ hotmail . com , jpontif @ yahoo . com , dj - jroc @ excite . com ,  > > rtros @ hotmail . com , scuff @ gateway . net , boredboy @ mindspring . com ,  > > zee @ mobiletel . com , garrettz @ web - net . com  > > subject : fwd : please read . . don ' t delete  > > date : wed , 26 jul 2000 03 : 19 : 59 - 0700 ( pdt )  > >  > >  > > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > > > ? message - id :  > > > ? date : tue , 25 jul 2000 17 : 58 : 57 - 0700 ( pdt )  > > > ? from : dawn marie  > > > ? to : 504 boyl @ excite . com , tsavager @ aol . com , dede 6310 @ aol . com ,  > > cleoj @ msn . com ,  > > > ? ? memeswann @ aol . com , stoneol @ bellsouth . net , bkrygodess @ aol . com  > > > ? subject : fwd : please read . . don ' t delete  > > >  > > >  > > > ? have a great day ! ! ! ! . . . . . . . . dawn  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > > ? _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  > > > ? say bye to slow internet !  > > > ? http : / / www . home . com / xinbox / signup . html  > > >  > > > ? to : flyingbirdo 0 @ aol . com , dcall @ seidata . com , collinstenn 2800 @ cs . com ,  > > > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ashley @ ticz . com , wheat 51 @ mindspring . com ,  > > bfrenchl @ hoosierlink . net ,  > > > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? jhays @ kiva . net , lkelsey @ rtccom . net , hlampkin @ telepak . net ,  > > > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? glin 227463 @ aol . com , fritzi 3 @ aol . com , sunnybelll @ aol . com ,  > > > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? nanajodon @ cs . com , morningstar 44 @ earthlink . net ,  > > > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? gallahadd @ worldnet . att . net , snaptome @ yahoo . com ,  > > dsimm 566 @ aol . com ,  > > > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? jblaydoe @ ccrtc . com , memeswann @ aol . com , beunger @ comteck . com ,  > > > ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? diunroe @ juno . com , swoolz @ aol . com  > > > ? date : tue , 18 jul 2000 19 : 38 : 11 - 0500  > > > ? subject : please read . . don ' t delete  > > > ? message - id :  > > > ? from : hester e morris  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > >  > > > ? > subject : fw : fw : fw : please read . . don ' t delete  > > >  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > if you got this email you ' re  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > lucky ( don ' t delete ) .  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > you have just won a 100  > > > ? > dollars ! . . . . . . .  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > you will only get the money if  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > you send this to 5 or more people .  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > a box will appear on the screen  > > > ? > after you  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > have sent it ! it really works . . . .  > > > ? > try it !  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > take 5 min . out of your time and  > > > ? > send  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > this . . . believe me you won ' t be  > > > ? > sorry ! !  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 0 - 2 people : $ 10  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 2 - 4 people : $ 20  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 4 - 6 people : $ 50  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 6 - 8 people : $ 75  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 8 - 10 people : $ 100 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! keep on  > > > ? > sending ! ! !  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > iwon . com ? ? ? ? http : / / www . iwon . com  > > > ? > ? why  > > > ? > > > > > woundn ' t  > > > ? > > > > > ? > you ?  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > >  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > > >  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > > >  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > > >  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > > > >  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > >  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > >  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > chuck and andi prior  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > p . o . box 864  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > 203 s . pearl  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > moville , ia 51039  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > >  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > home : prior @ netins . net  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > work : priorc @ lawton . lawton - bronson . kl 2 . ia . us  > > > ? > > > > > ? > > > > > > > > home page :  > > > ? > http : / / www . netins . net / showcase / prior  > > > ? >  > > > ? >  > > > ? >  > > > ? >  > > > ? >  > > > ? >  > > > ? >  > > > ? >  > >  > >  > > peace ! ! !  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  > > say bye to slow internet !  > > http : / / www . home . com / xinbox / signup . html  > >  >  > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  > get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com  >  >
HAM Subject: re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  vince : i don ' t think that you could have summarized the situation any  better ! ! ! i will be happy to respond to neil as you suggested .  thanks ,  molly  vince j kaminski  01 / 24 / 2001 11 : 02 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  molly ,  thanks for the update . two points .  please , let neil mcgregor know that many possible proposals were floated  with regard to anshuman and there was some noise in the system .  we need ll visa anyway and we decided to go ahead an arrange it .  i shall also write to him and explain the confusion .  also , if i have the choice between upsetting neil or jeffs ( shankman and  skilling ) ,  i shall choose neil .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 13 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  vince : apparently neil mcgregor became upset when he received margaret  daffin ' s email . he is saying , however , that anshuman will only be in  houston for one month , and you had mentioned six months when we spoke  earlier . it really doesn ' t make any difference since he will need to get an  ll visa under either circumstance , but i thought you might want to see his  email .  molly  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by molly magee / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 09  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  margaret daffin  01 / 24 / 2001 09 : 57 am  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  molly : per our conversation today . please let me know the status so that i  can proceed with the visa process .  thanks  margaret  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret daffin / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001  09 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  neil mcgregor @ enron _ development  01 / 24 / 2001 05 : 18 am  to : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  cc : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development  subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  anshuman is not moving or immigrating to the us . we are allowing him to work  for a lmonth assignment in the us with enron . please carry out the necessary  approvals and visa ' s on this basis .  neil mcgregor  ceo dabhol power  margaret daffin @ ect  01 / 23 / 2001 10 : 31 pm  to : anshuman . srivastav @ enron . com  cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , jane  allen / hou / ect @ ect , timothy callahan / na / enron @ enron , ranendra  sengupta / enron _ development @ enron _ development , wade  cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development , neil  mcgregor / enron _ development @ enron _ development @ ect , harsimran  subject : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava  anshuman : i have been asked to contact you regarding your possible move to  houston , texas . in order that i may begin the process of getting you an ll  immigration visa , i will need you to complete the attached visa questionnaire  and return it to me with copies of the following documents :  a copy of all pages of your passport , even if blank  copies of all previous us visas issued  an updated resume , showing months and years  copies of all diplomas and transcripts received  if you have dependent family members coming to the states with you , copies of  their passports  please send to my attention , via fedex to :  enron corp .  3 allen center , 3 ac 2026 a  333 clay street  houston , tx 77002  please call me with any questions you may have at 713 - 345 - 5083 .
HAM Subject: re : texas ecomm ten awards - question  fyi : we found out how jeff got nominated . paul hobby , one of the group ' s advisory board members , did it .  eric  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karen denne / corp / enron on 03 / 21 / 2001 09 : 53 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  gary thompson on 03 / 21 / 2001 11 : 47 : 54 am  to :  cc :  subject : re : texas ecomm ten awards - question  karen ,  thanks so much ; i will touch base with greg before saturday to provide him  with additional details and logistics .  actually , one of our advisory board members at genesis park , paul hobby ,  submitted his name as a nominee . obviously , jeff is one of those leaders  that comes to everyone ' s mind when you think of the power of ecommerce and  the internet !  we appreciate your support and will get you copies of photos from the event  as well as press coverage that is received .  best regards ,  gary  - -  gary l . thompson  chairman and president  texas electronic commerce association  3925 w . braker lane , suite 300  austin , tx 78759  ( 512 ) 305 - 0430 garyt @ texasecomm . org  ( 512 ) 305 - 0432 fax www . texasecomm . org  >
HAM Subject: marcello has a favour to ask . . . .  he ' s on the executive impact & influence course on 6 th & 7 th november and marcello being marcello has been a bit tardy in selecting his raters ( well , i actually ended up doing once he ' d told me who to pick ! ) .  the thing is because he ' s picked the minimum no . of raters it ' s important that those few give the feedback on him - yep you ' ve guessed it , you ' re one of the few .  apparently the feedback needs to be done by tuesday so please may i ask you to do your best to give feedback on him .  thank you and i hope you & the family are all well  ttfn  snickie
HAM Subject: meeting deadlines  dear eugenio ,  i did not want to say this when everyone else was around , but i am concerned  that no attempt was made to meet the deadline of this morning that we  discussed last friday . ( to decide on a name for the database ) . only maria  teresa had her information to me this am as requested . the deadline could  have been easily met by working diligently this morning , but jennifer did not  come in until 8 : 30 and mt until 8 : 15 .  i thought we had discussed the urgency of this - to have something to present  at the 10 am meeting . we need to discuss this to ensure it does not happen  again .  best regards  shona
HAM Subject: home page - new - risk solutions ( http : / / www . marshweb . com / home / ho  mepg . nsf / alldo  >  dear vincent ,  hope all is well across the atlantic . you may have seen this already but  thought i would pass it on just in case . also socgen just pulled off a  weather deal for a japanease company looking to protect against wind damage  on their flower crop .  weather is definatly picking up on this side too with more interest every  day .  hope all is well ,  damian goodburn  office - 44 20 7847 1829  mobile - 07971 825 309  - home page - new - risk solutions . htm
HAM Subject: re : out of interest  this is more than you ever wanted to know about catalytica ! if there is any point to regurgitating it , that point would be that this deal didn ' t make a dime for enron , ge got a " gift " ( as i would see it ) of $ 10 million from enron , and catalytica got off scot - free .  the december 1999 dash summarized the eight agreements associated with the transactions to " permit the following : ( 1 ) sale and repurchase of the spark spread option ; ( 2 ) funding xonon development in an amount equal to the proceeds of the option sale ; ( 3 ) funding the turbine prepayment at the pastoria project with the same option sale proceeds ; ( 4 ) obtaining the right of first refusal on the first five commercial 7 fas equipped with xonon ; and ( 5 ) purchase of the turbines on an off = balance sheet basis " enhancing the value of the equity investment in catalytica was mentioned as a strategic benefit and potential upside . turbine overpricing was not mentioned in the dash or the risk matrix .  when dave added his comments to the may 2000 dash i understood that the $ 10 million cost was intended to be offset by $ 10 million in turbine credits . doing an allocation of the cost seemed logically to mean allocation of the credits once they were recognised . outside of the slim chance that something blew up , the allocated cost would be offset with a subsequently allocated credit , i . e . a wash .  from an ena perspective the issue is moot . if the decision is to allocate a portion of the turbine overpricing to the merchant portfolio but none of the credits , that clearly was not accounted for in 1999 or 2000 and certainly was not provided for in the 2001 merchant asset management plan .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard lydecker / corp / enron on 03 / 23 / 2001 11 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  richard lydecker  03 / 23 / 2001 08 : 53 am  to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : out of interest  chris , thanks for the clarification . pat did confirm with sheila that the turbines were overpriced . . . which seems to mean that enron ended up giving ge a gift of $ 10 million . that seems strange . it also still seems to me that the december 1999 dash did not accurately reflect the deal . unless i missed it , i did not find any reference to turbine overpricing .  my understanding of dave ' s comment on the may 2000 dash was to account for the acceleration period between may and september 30 and the risk that the pastoria project would be cancelled and / or the technology development fail in that period . in may ena gave up the opportunity to stick catalytica with " credits " as payment for the repurchase of the sso rather than cash if either of these events occured before september 30 and thereby lost the optionality of the four months . the may 2000 transaction did not change the economics of the deal in any other way than this acceleration . if the comment was intended to allocate the turbine overpricing which was part of the 1999 original transaction , i agree with you that this should have been handled at that time .  my concern has been that enron retain the " benefit " of the credits referenced in the xtia which apparently has occurred . however , the fact apparently is that the credits had been rendered valueless from the start by the turbine overpricing .  my framework had been that as long as enron received the credits in some form , the may 2000 transaction was a wash as far as i was concerned .  dick .  christopher f calger @ ect  03 / 22 / 2001 07 : 58 pm  to : richard lydecker / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : out of interest  dick , ,  sounds as though this caught you by surprise - sorry for that . your chronology seems correct . this thing makes my head hurt every time it is brought up ! i believe the obligation was incurred dec 1999 , but not properly recognized / accounted for until the may , 2000 dash . delainey ' s hand - written note was the end result of people dissecting the deals with the realization that the west power turbines were overpriced by the $ 9 . 9 mm and the catalytica equity account did not properly account for that in dec 1999 .  the turbine contract refers to a credit of $ 9 . 9 mm but the gross turbine price was increased by twice that amount so that the net increase was $ 9 . 9 mm . ena agreed to it because piper wanted to help catalytica . despite much protest from dave parquet , i agreed with delainey and ray bowen that west power would be on the hook for $ 3 . 3 mm of the $ 9 . 9 mm because the project got some benefit from catalytica . delainey wanted the payment triggered on sale of pastoria because he did not want my group to recognize any income until the project closed . this was communicated to and acknowledged by accounting and i reminded them of it every month or two since mid - year .  i understand pat called sheila tweed - i dont think she ( or anyone ) remembers the details , but she should be able to validate the point about turbine overpricing and the delainey fix in may , 2000 .  regards ,  chris  richard lydecker @ enron  03 / 22 / 2001 05 : 19 pm  to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : out of interest  chris , i couldn ' t agree more about the confusing history of the catalytica xtia and spark spread derivative transactions . my understanding is slightly different from what you outline but you may have better sources . neither of us were present at the creation .  i am familiar with dave delainey ' s hand - written note on the may 22 , 2000 dash . that dash authorised accelerating repurchase of the sso by three months . my view is that dave could allocate within ena at his discretion . i did not understand the rationale , however , since it was the december 14 , 1999 dash which established the obligation for enron to fund the $ 9 . 9 million . all the may 22 , 2000 dash did was unwind a financing arrangement three months early . it did not have anything to do with the incurrence of the obligation itself .  the objective of the complex series of agreements was for enron to finance ge ' s development of the xonon technology and in return receive credits on turbine purchases either at pastoria or for other xonon - equiped turbines if pastoria were cancelled .  original deal  1 . catalytica agreed to purchase a spark spread option ( sso ) from enron for $ 9 . 9 million payable in four instalments . these instalments exactly matched the funding obligation to ge under the xtia .  2 . catalytica actually paid enron $ 3 million which represented the first two instalments .  3 . west lb made $ 3 million milestone payments to ge . the enron / west lp arrangement was an off balance sheet financing deal . at the end of the day , enron was paying ge .  4 . by september 30 , 2000 enron was obligated to repurchase the sso from catalytica for the amount catalytica had paid enron or for turbine credits if pastoria were cancelled .  may 2000 sso repurchase  1 . enron bought back the sso from catalytica for $ 3 million . the three - month acceleration of repurchase was supposed to facilitate an ipo . it did not impact at all enron ' s ultimate obligation which had always been for the full $ 9 . 9 million .  catalytica was now out of the chain and had no further payment obligations or credit entitlements .  december 2000 final milestone payment to ge  1 . enron has paid ge $ 9 . 9 million through the west lb financing arrangement ( now turbo park )  i am uncertain whether ge increased the price of the pastoria turbines by $ 9 . 9 million as part of these transactions . my understanding was that there was concern about this when the turbine contract was negotiated , but i had thought this concern was to be guarded against in contract negotiation with ge . if in fact ge did increase the cost of the pastoria turbines by $ 9 . 9 million the entire purpose and benefit to enron from these incredibly complex and non - intuitive documents was totally obviated . net , net enron would have paid ge to develop a technology application with no compensatory value . why enron would have done this kind of deal i don ' t know .  i ' m not sure what internal income transfer would apply . i understand that ge has applied the $ 9 . 9 million credit against a progress payment billing late last year . wouldn ' t this mean that the full credit was taken by pastoria ? it is unclear to me why the sale of pastoria should trigger anything .  at the end of the day ena did the deal in 1999 and how we account for the consequences now is irrelevant . if the turbines were overpriced , the december 14 , 1999 dash seems to me to be misleading in not disclosing that fact when approval was requested . the dash actually states that the $ 9 . 9 million would " serve as a down payment for the pastoria turbine package . "  my summary may not be correct but this is the best i have been able to piece together on what happened . dick .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard lydecker / corp / enron on 03 / 22 / 2001 04 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  louise kitchen @ ect  03 / 22 / 2001 03 : 13 pm  to : richard lydecker / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : out of interest  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 03 / 22 / 2001 03 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  christopher f calger  03 / 22 / 2001 02 : 56 pm  to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : out of interest  calpine reduced their purchase price because the turbine contract for pastoria was overpriced by $ 9 . 9 mm , the amount of the catalytica credit .  a brief confusing history as i understand it . . . ena east and west jointly owned the catalytica equity account in 1999 . it was written up based on expectations of an ipo value . at 12 / 99 it transferred to west power because catalytica entered into an agreement with pastoria to provide the project with its zonon technology . this agreement included a commitment from ge to do research / work in order to use the catalytica technology on ge turbines . the cost of this ( $ 9 . 9 mm ) was added to the pastoria turbine contract .  in feb 2000 , when i arrived in portland , i had the catalytica account transferred to the portfolio because i thought it was overvalued with little synergies with ena west power . in mid - 2000 the agreement was restructured in order to " clean up " catalytica so it could ipo . at that time , enron was credited back the $ 9 . 9 mm from catalytica and it was decided by delainey that that amount should be split 2 / 3 - pastoria and 1 / 3 catalytica equity , with the 2 / 3 going to ena west power upon the sale of pastoria . pastoria did not get the full $ 9 . 9 mm back because we benefited somewhat from favourable publicity and some interest savings .  at this time , since there is no funds transfer , i believe it simply becomes an internal income transfer from the merchant portfolio to ena west power .  louise kitchen  03 / 22 / 2001 08 : 33 am  to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : out of interest  what happens under the pastoria deal to the catalytica credit - did it go to calpine or are you using it in the other turbine purchases ?  
HAM Subject: avg . monthly electricity prices for the past 13 months  margaret ,  please find attached file with average monthly prices for regions your  requested . this file gives more information than the previous ( yesterday )  one . as the one before , source for this file is megawatt daily , it includes  on - peak and off - peak prices and you can also see daily data that was  converted to monthly average data . there are two types of averages prices :  average and weighted average . weighted average takes into account number of  transactions of certain price .  for example : pjm had average price of $ 53 . 61 and weighted average price of  $ 53 . 15 in august , it means that there were more transactions of lower price  than higher . also , megawatt daily has its own methodology and i am attaching  it with this message .  if you have any questions regarding prices or methodology , please contact  sevil yaman ( 5 - 8083 ) or me ( 3 - 4305 ) .  sincerely , elena  enron research group  3 - 4305
HAM Subject: enron corp 2001 third quarter form 10 - q draft  attached is a marked and unmarked draft . please fax your comments to kent castleman at 713 - 646 - 8409 .
HAM Subject: ethink about it : october 23 , 2000  once again , the ethink team is proud to bring you two captivating espeak  events in the same week .  wednesday , october 25 at 10 : 00 a . m . houston time , join dan mccarty , managing  director & cco of enron transportation services . dan will conduct an " open  mike " session on the future of ets .  thursday , october 26 at 10 : 00 a . m . houston time , joe sutton , vice chairman of  enron , joins us again for an " open mike " event . got a question for the  office of the chairman ? bring it to espeak !  don ' t forget : you can post your questions before either of these events on  the espeak site .  the office of the chairman is waiting for you ! come to emeet to read the  latest question and answer in the office of the chairman category . you can  even add your own comments and keep the discussion going .
HAM Subject: re : deal 156071 feb 00  daren ,  i must be missing something . can i meet with you today and show you what i  have ?  thu  daren j farmer  03 / 23 / 2000 02 : 53 pm  to : thu nguyen / hou / ect @ ect  cc : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : deal 156071 feb 00  no , deal 156071 is good for days 7 - 29 .  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  cc : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : deal 156071 feb 00  daren ,  there are only two deals on pgev pipeline : deal # 156071 - valid 02 / 01 / 00 -  02 / 29 / 00 , and deal # 208083 - valid for 02 / 01 / 00 - 02 / 06 / 00 . should there be  another deal for days 7 - 29 ? ? thanks  thu  daren j farmer  03 / 23 / 2000 11 : 19 am  to : thu nguyen / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : deal 156071 feb 00  the actuals should be allocated to the new ticket which has been nom ' d ,  tracked . and balanced .  d  from : thu nguyen 03 / 22 / 2000 07 : 33 pm  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect  subject : deal 156071 feb 00  daren ,  this is one of the deals which you told me to zero out . unfortunately , i do  not allocate pgev . also , sherlyn has actualized pgev and she has the  support from the pipeline for the 1746918 volume . please let me know if i  had missed something in our conversation . thanks  thu
HAM Subject: revised - phone conference / status update  please note the revised dial in numbers :  dial - in number : 877 - 540 - 9892  international dial - in number : 734 - 414 - 0270 ( louise )  host code : 242648 ( louise )  participant code : 978303  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : weatherstone , mary  sent : tue 1 / 29 / 2002 6 : 18 pm  to : ' michael . hutchins @ ubsw . com ' ; ' michael . hutchins @ enron . com ' ; kitchen , louise ; ' michael . bolin @ ubsw . com '  cc : ' pat . odonnell @ ubsw . com ' ; schoppe , tammie ; ' mariele . mcbride @ ubsw . com '  subject : phone conference / status update  tomorrow we will be having a quick 15 min phone conference to update mike hutchins on status ( greg whalley will not be able to attend - his is at a funeral ) . attached is the integration issues list ( already a couple hours out of date : )  date : wednesday , january 30 th  time : 8 : 30 cst  dial in number : 877 - 232 - 4392  host code : 505813 ( louise )  participant code : 969747  attached is a summary for more detailed information go to website :  ubs can access website at  enron can access website at  >  >
HAM Subject: union carbide , 96002201  fax of contract to follow . aa
HAM Subject: re : first delivery - cummings & walker and exxon  vance ,  deal # 446704 has been created and entered in sitara for cummins & walker oil  company inc . for the period 9 / 26 / 00 - 9 / 30 / 00 .  bob  vance l taylor  10 / 20 / 2000 04 : 17 pm  to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect  cc : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia  hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p  reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect  subject : first delivery - cummings & walker and exxon  bob ,  the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and  entered into sitara based on the following :  counterparty meter volumes price period global no .  cummins & walker oil co . 9857 600 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 18 9 / 26 -  9 / 30 96048113  100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 18 10 / 1 - 10 / 31 96048113  suemaur exploration co . 9856 2700 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 10 10 / 20  - 10 / 31 96023525  fyi , susan will create and submit a committed reserves firm ticket for the  remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of november .  additionally , this is producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im  wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract .  thanks ,  vlt  x 3 - 6353  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 10 / 20 / 2000  04 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : esther buckley 09 / 26 / 2000 01 : 59 pm  to : molly l carriere / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , donna  consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , robert cook / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect ,  lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , nathan l hlavaty / hou / ect @ ect , wayne e  lightfoot / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect ,  steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , michael  walters / hou / ect @ ect , eric wardle / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , mary  jo johnson / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect ,  cheryl jones / gpgfin / enron @ enron , reid hansen / gco / enron @ enron , darron c  giron / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect ,  gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , donald p  reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , david  baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect ,  jeffrey a austin / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , dawn c  kenne / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , j r  fosdick / gco / enron @ enron , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie  gomes / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron ,  robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , joanne  harris / na / enron @ enron , christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : first delivery - cummings & walker and exxon  see attached letters for first deliveries
HAM Subject: re :  based on my discussions with jeanie slone , i believe she has been severed . i consistently followed the sitiuation to ensure she was retained and it was my understanding this was the way it was to be handled . i know there is not a policy manual on this situation , but i spoke with jeanie to ensure coverage . it is my understanding jeanie was discussing this matter with david oxley or you .  laura  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : wed 1 / 2 / 2002 2 : 15 pm  to : luce , laura  cc :  subject : re :  but what is her status now ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : luce , laura  sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 1 : 42 pm  to : kitchen , louise  subject : re :  deirdre mccaffrey was in global markets . we ( hunter and i ) believe deirdre is an extremely strong asset to be in netco .  laura  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 1 : 27 pm  to : oquinn , kari ; hall , bob m ; beck , sally ; luce , laura  subject :  the following people have been identified as no longer with the company although they are on the netco list . please let kari know on any changes ( jeanie is out ) . i assume there are no problems but if so let me know .  larry hunter - documentation  deidre mccaffrey - gas origination  larry cash - gas settlements  jon lewis - risk
HAM Subject: thestreet . com : insider selling at enron  
HAM Subject: re : tanya vacation  brad ,  can we reverse this entry ? i shall call you later today regarding tanya .  vine  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 17 / 2000  08 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tanya tamarchenko  02 / 16 / 2000 10 : 13 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : tanya vacation  vince ,  i just found out that none of my vacation days from the last year is in the  computer system  ( it says that i have 0 c / over days ) .  it was november 3 , 1999 when i asked your approval to carry over 12 vacation  days to the next year .  i was thinking that if you ( or hr ) do not approve i could at least take these  days in 1999 .  i know that your tried to help me and sent to brad mcsherry the  justification for me to carry over 10 days .  i bothered you a few times in november and december 1999 and since your  response was optimistic  i did not take any of those 10 days in 1999 . but i never heard from hr .  now i am not sure - may be these days are not in the system by mistake .  i would like to take 5 of them in march ( from 3 / 13 / 00 to 3 / 17 / 00 ) .  what is your advice ? should i contact brad mcsherry ? even negative response  from hr in november or  december last year would be better than loosing vacation days .  i really appreciate your help ,  tanya .  tanya tamarchenko  12 / 02 / 99 12 : 51 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : tanya vacation  hi , vince ,  sorry to bother again with my question .  i first e - mailed my question a month ago ( on nov . 3 ) .  since we still have not heard from hr , is it fair to assume that i can carry  over my 10 vacation days to the next year ?  if not - i have to take 5 days before dec . 17 , because then i go on vacations  anyhow . i would really prefer not to take off  most of december , there are quite a lot of things going on .  thank you for your help in resolving this question .  tanya .
HAM Subject: expansion  attached please find the tw expansion open season results and the expansion offering package . as we agreed yesterday , we will begin talking with tier 1 shippers today . please note that a followup meeting has been scheduled for 1 : 30 - 2 : 30 wed . 2 / 7 to continue discussions . good luck !
HAM Subject: 75 th anniversary celebration  thank you for your fantastic responses to our reservations request . there  has been some confusion concerning the dinner only option . if you are  planning to spend the night , you do not need to respond to that option . it  is listed only for those who do not plan to spend the night .  we are preparing name tags for all the employees invited to the hpl  anniversary celebration . please email me with the name you would like to  appear on your nametag , such as nicknames , etc . if we do not hear from you  by wednesday , august 2 , we will use the name as it appears in the list we  acquired from hr . please print this memo for any employees who do not have  access to email .  thank you so much for your help .
HAM Subject: here are responses to your question lists  let me know if you need more . . . marg .
HAM Subject: harvard business school pub order confirmation  order confirmation notification  thank you for ordering hbs materials . your order has been received and  entered with the confirmation number 01928923 . the purchase order or  reference number you provided is [ c ] kaminski , w . our projected ship date is  11 / 13 / 00 , your order will be shipping via ups .  per your request , your order will be shipped to the following address :  wincenty kaminski  enron corp  managing director  ebl 962  1400 smith  houston tx 77002  we appreciate your interest in harvard business school publishing . if we can  be  of further assistance , please contact our customer service department at  ( 800 ) 988 - 0886 or ( 617 ) 783 - 7500 , by fax at ( 617 ) 783 - 7555 , or via email at  corpcustserv @ hbsp . harvard . edu .
HAM Subject: oslo payment issues  ted / sally ,  i believe you are both aware of the situation , but here is our briefing note  for sherriff , brown , causey , buy .  mike and i will be following - up with both of you .  fernley
HAM Subject: shut in of meter 986240  at approximately 11 : 00 am on tuesday , january 11 , 2000 , meter 986240 el  campon / shanghai common point was shut in due to a leak on a 6 " lateral off of  the edna 24 " . the meter will be shut in until late thursday or early on  friday , january 13 or 14 , after repairs are complete .  if you have any questions please call me at 36449 .  thanks  gary
HAM Subject: bob hall direct reports  confirming names that i gave you over the phone this am ( with one addition - for calgary - and one clarification on volume management ) :  gas risk : jeff gossett  power risk : stacey white  documentation &  settlements ( a ) : leslie reeves  gas vol mgmt : rita wynne / mark mcclure ( b )  calgary ops : peggy hedstrom  notes :  ( a ) documentation and settlements under leslie reeves includes power , gas and financial derivatives .  ( b ) currently , rita wynne and mark mcclure co - lead gas volume management . bob ' s plan for netco is that rita wynne  would be in netco and that mark mcclure would be on the team to lead volume management for the estate .
HAM Subject: bo origination april 2001 . ppt  all ,  attached is the back office services presentation for the originators . should be in semi - final form . if you have any comments , please get with me as soon as time permits .  thanks ,  fred  5 - 9323
HAM Subject: promotions and comp  at the end of the year when promotions happened we increased people ' s salaries if they were below the " first year " director recommended salary . are we going to do that at the midyear ? if so , could you please instruct as to what the suggested " first year " directors salary should be and amy fitzpatrick will let us know what adjustments should be made .
HAM Subject: summer reception , ii  the summer reception has been scheduled at jalapeno ' s ( same as last  year ) , 2702 kirby drive ( just south of westheimer ) , 713 - 524 - 1668 for  july 26 from 5 : 30 to 8 pm . i should be receiving the menu options  this week .  have any of you received sponsorship pledges from your companies ? if  you have , please let me know the company and the amount . we still  need some so that we won ' t have to dip into the reserves . please also  try asking your classmates who work in houston about their companies  sponsoring this event . i am also trying at my end .  if you need to reach me : home : 281 - 218 - 6598 , cell : 713 - 703 - 4312  thanks for your help ,  glenn .  > hello all !  >  > i am glenn sprenger , one of the co - chairs of the houston graduate  > business network chapter . arrion forwarded your names to me as  > students who are willing to help with the summer reception .  >  > if you are still interested , please let me know . also include any  > ideas you have about the reception .  >  > last year we held it at jalapenos mexican restaurant on kirby just  > south of westheimer . it worked really well , but i am open to new  > suggestions .  >  > as far as a date , i was thinking of wednesday , july 26 . this is 3  > weeks before orientation so new students should still be in houston  > and not in austin yet .  >  > we also would like to get sponsors - more than one is not a problem .  > this reception provides companies an excellent opportunity to  > introduce themselves first to mba ' s entering the program , as well as  > stay in touch with mba alumni . please contact your internship  > companies and see if they would be interested in being a sponsor  > this year . we will gladly accept any amount offered , but you might  > want to start at $ 1000 . we can provide them space to hang a banner  > and set out brochures explaining their company . their company  > representatives will also be invited to socialize at the event .  >  > i am looking forward to meeting all of you individually . i may be  > contacted via email or at 281 - 218 - 6598 . please respond soon if you  > are interested .  >  > thank you for your help ,  >  > glenn .
HAM Subject: fw : orgination candidates  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : taylor , charles a - hr  sent : monday , june 18 , 2001 10 : 44 am  to : oxley , david  subject : re : orgination candidates  we are targeting the 14 th of july . more news to come .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : oxley , david  sent : monday , june 18 , 2001 10 : 23 am  to : kitchen , louise  cc : davies , neil ; taylor , charles a - hr  subject : re : orgination candidates  neil / charles ,  update please ?  incidentally , lavo vetoed egm ' s involvement .  david  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : monday , june 18 , 2001 10 : 20 am  to : oxley , david  subject : re : orgination candidates  what date is it ?  from : david oxley / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 14 / 2001 04 : 58 pm  to : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  cc : neil davies / enron @ enronxgate , kim melodick / enron @ enronxgate  subject : orgination candidates  chaps ,  the team have identified 17 manager and director level commercial candidates which we are looking to bring in for a super - saturday type event primarily for duran ' s area . we ' ll refine list and may see some fall out before the ( yet to be arranged ) day .  it seems some of these guys may be of interest to egm as well . unless you have a huge problem the plan would be to invite per sekse and maybe someone from nowlan ' s area to join the panel . maybe they will want one or two that we don ' t .  do you want to interview ?  david
HAM Subject: copanno changes  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 01 / 28 / 2000  10 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 01 / 28 / 2000 10 : 53 : 30 am  to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : copanno changes  ( see attached file : hpl - jan . xls )  - hpl - jan . xls
HAM Subject: status of hpl transfers to aep  sally , please review the attached spreadsheet of hpl energy operations employees and their status relative to the aep transfer .  please call if you have questions .
HAM Subject: re : carnegie mellon  kristin ,  the presentation went quite well .  kevin and i would like to brief you about cmu in general . let ' s go out to  lunch when  you come back .  vince  kristin gandy @ enron  11 / 03 / 2000 03 : 55 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : carnegie mellon  vince ,  i wanted to email you and let you know how sorry i am that i was not able to  make your presentation at carnegie mellon . i really was looking forward to  the trip and the presentation but unfortunately since i have been on the road  a lot lately things started backing up in the office . after my meeting on  thursday there was no way i would make the 6 pm flight and my original flight  would have put me in pittsburgh to late for the presentation .  anyway , i hope you understand and i am looking forward to working with you in  december for the interviews on campus . maybe once you return you can give me  a recap of the days events . in the meantime if you need any assistance  please do not hesitate to call .  thank you ,  kristin gandy  713 - 345 - 3214
HAM Subject: keyspan  focus . . .  i believe we should get back in front of keyspan next week , to address or redirect any questions / concerns keyspan may have to the " general " discussions held to date . gil has been in communication with them several times since the meeting , but i believe chuck needs some constant attention / adoration to move him our direction . i would love to pop over to ny either before or after our meeting in chicago .  thoughts or updates ?  laura
HAM Subject: re : stuff  hey there - - life sounds horribly busy . i figured it was .  don ' t worry about me - - i just thought we should get things moving - - since  now i have officially been replaced , and it has been announced to my direct  reports here in london . fernley ( not sure if you have spoken to him ) is  anxious to put an announcement out to enron europe that phillip lord and i  are leaving and that melissa will be stepping in to replace us .  since phillip already has a place to go , it would be nice if we could at  least say that i am going to north america energy ops , or something - - even  if we don ' t have all of the details worked out .  i am not sure if you want me to come over and meet some of your commercial "  customers " - - - also - i have never met delainey ( i don ' t think ) - - but  maybe knowing frevert well is enough . i am planning to come in november  ( first half ) to work on europe ' s plan and coordinate with brent , wes and the  other groups under frevert , so maybe i can meet some people then . would love  to discuss  monday is fine - - as i am sure today will be another crazy day .  i know how all of those reviews are . john sherriff put a o 5 per review per  day penalty on any dept head who didn ' t have their reviews done by august  15 th , and of course i was on holiday the week before that , so i had 2 days to  do 10 reviews .  hopefully i can help you with that direct report problem .  if i don ' t talk to you today , then have a good weekend ,  beth  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : sally beck 13 / 10 / 2000 01 : 19  to : beth apollo / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : stuff  crazy week - - 7 : 00 pm and i just finished a project for delainey that i got  at noon today . cancelled everything on the calendar and have been immersed  ever since . patti gave me your message with your home number around 5 : 30  today , just as she was leaving - - apologized for not giving it to me  earlier . however , given my immediate project , i don ' t think that i could  have called until now . and at 1 : 00 am london time , i think that this e : mail  is much better .  i am still really crunched tomorrow morning . all of our mid - year reviews  must be completed by the time we have our ena office of the chair staff  meeting at 2 : 30 tomorrow . big push , after an over percentage completion rate  of about 60 % at our ena meeting two weeks ago . some of those unfinished  reviews were mine to give ( 16 direct reports is a killer ) . i wrote three  last night after tyler went to bed , finished at 1 : 00 am and gave all three  reviews this morning . i have 5 more to write tonight , and to deliver  tomorrow morning to be at 100 % . i will try to call you on my way into the  office tomorrow morning from the car . if i miss you then , it will be late  afternoon houston time before i could call you . next week shapes up to be  much better .  i am definitely very interested in continuing our conversations . would love  to have to over here and involved in operations . so i will either catch you  from my car tomorrow morning , or we can talk on monday .
HAM Subject: merit increases  norma ,  it seems that there is a bug in the system . i made an error mixing equity and  merit raises in one column . the system does not allow me to correct the  mistake by  moving the entries from one column to another . i can enter the changes , but  after i save them the system reverts to original designations .  as a result , the columns contain mixed entries related to merit and equity  raises .  the column totals are misleading .  i am taking a csv version home to continue making adjustments .  i shall work at home monday ( 281 367 5377 ) .  vince
HAM Subject: brandywine  there was flow at hpl meter 1505 on april first that didn ' t have a deal ticket out there . . . .  but now there is a deal ticket out there to cover it . . . . 740374  please link it or whatever you have to do to make it work  thanks  lee
HAM Subject: re : org charts  i have received a couple of revised charts i will get them to you very shortly  tammie schoppe  enron americas - office of the chair  assistant to louise kitchen  713 . 853 . 4220 office  713 . 646 . 8562 fax  713 . 253 . 2131 mobile  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 9 : 56 am  to : schoppe , tammie  subject : fw : org charts  can i see them first ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : oxley , david  sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 9 : 52 am  to : kitchen , louise  cc : schoppe , tammie  subject : org charts  louise ,  did you get all the org charts that umbrella asked for ? do i need to send them ?  david
HAM Subject: re : 98 - 1601  janet ,  . 16 decatherms allocated at this meter for 5 / 31 / 2000 . can you please extend  deal ( one more time for me ) for 5 / 31 / 2000 .  thanks again for your help .  - jackie -  3 - 9497  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 06 / 05 / 2000 11 : 28  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  daren j farmer  06 / 02 / 2000 11 : 00 am  to : janet h wallis / hou / ect @ ect , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : 98 - 1601  done  to : dfarmer @ enron . com  cc : pam . leigh @ southernunionco . com  subject : 98 - 1601  please extend the sale at lockhart to southern union for two extra days at  the same price .  thank you ,  janet  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by janet h wallis / hou / ect on 06 / 02 / 2000  10 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jackie young  06 / 02 / 2000 09 : 32 am  to : janet h wallis / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : 98 - 1601  can you please extend deal # 254839 to cover flow for 5 / 20 and 5 / 21 ? on the  20 th , 578 decatherms flowed . on the 21 st , 109 decatherms flowed .  thanks  - jackie -  3 - 9497
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ;  start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122313 . txt
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ;  start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121804 . txt
HAM Subject: etc - theatre event - into the woods ( for children over 12 )  theatre under the starts presents  " into the woods "  ( music and lyrics by stephen sondheim )  suggested for children 12 and above .  tuts ' premiere production of the witty musical fairy tale that features all your favorite characters - cinderella and her prince , little red riding hood and the wolf , jack the giantkiller , rapunzel , sleeping beauty , snow white and a few original characters . sondheim ' s haunting score including the classic " children will listen " - - and a twist on some old stories will leave you bewitched .  where : arena theatre - sharpstown  www . tuts . org  when : december 15 , 2001  time : 2 : 00 pm  ticket prices : $ 38 . 50 member ; $ 48 . 00 non - member - row d - h  $ 13 . 50 member ; $ 17 . 00 non - member - row t  6 ticket maximum for members  deadline : november 16 , 2001  coordinator : iris waser x 36059 ; eb 4749 b  please e - mail me your responses and questions .  make your checks payable to enron travel club .
HAM Subject: re : portland contracts  so wahlley was fine ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : thursday , june 28 , 2001 10 : 45 am  to : fitzpatrick , amy  cc : oxley , david  subject : portland contracts  the attached spreadsheet shows the long and short versions of the numbers was are handing over to tim .  louise  >
HAM Subject: 2001 world energy congress  the 2001 world energy congress has extended a formal invitation enron to act as the chairman of the energy e commerce round table . this years congress will be held in buenos aires october 21 st through october 25 th and the specific round table discussion will occur wednesday october 24 , 2001 from 4 : 00 pm to 5 : 00 pm .  joe kishkill and orlando gonzales have asked me to discuss this opportunity with you and seek out your interest in representing enron as the chairman of the round table . in the event this is inconvenient for they have suggested greg piper as well . based upon your desire we will advance with securing this opportunity .  i have summarised enron ' s strategic interest below to give you a sense of the nature and importance of the event itself .  enron south american companies in argentina , bolivia , brazil  argentina tgs pipeline  argentina modesto maranzana power plant  bolivia transredes pipeline  brazil ceg / riogas gas distribution  brazil cuiaba power plant  brazil electrobolt power plant  brazil electro power distribution company  brazil southern and northern gas ldcs  significant commercial resources committed to the liberalisation and commercialisation of the south american energy market  sao paulo commercial office  buenos aires commercial office  critical point in energy market liberalisation driven by today ' s  brazilian energy crisis  argentine economic crisis  chairman of e commerce round table for the advancement of cultural and commercial acceptance of commodity e commerce  chairman to be named  participants david clementz , president , chevron information technology co . & chevron e - business development co . , usa  craig hodges , vice president , global marketing , chemical & petroleum industry , ibm corporation , usa  laszlo kapolyi , ceo & chairman of the board , system consulting corporation , hungary  carlos pappier , e - business director , tenaris , argentina  enron ' s status of participation in the world energy congress  enron has budgeted $ 150 , 000 for the participation in the world energy congress  enron has a reserved an exhibition space of 100 square meters  enron will host one private reception for 100 key energy and political leaders and various smaller group meetings  enron participation is expected to be approximately 20 local , regional and international representatives  please advise how you wish to proceed .  regards  mfg
HAM Subject: july 16 th  i was talking with deanne about schedule and since we have both visited these guys many times you may want to indicate you interest in who we should see . your choices are as follows :  smud  ncpa  cdwr  wapa sierra pacific  i was told the agenda is go into sacramento in the morning spend the day visiting two entities and then grab dinner in the city with a bunch of these guys . let ' s get together in the next couple of days and strategize and then do some inviting .  stewart
HAM Subject: global standards 12 / 27  please disregard previous message on global standards . inadvertantly  attached wrong file . sorry for the confusion .  nancy  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by nancy hernandez / na / enron on 12 / 29 / 2000  07 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : nancy hernandez 12 / 28 / 2000 05 : 28 pm  to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : global standards 12 / 27  attached is the global standards report for 12 / 27 / 00 . if you have any  questions please feel free to contact me at ext 54751 .  nancy
HAM Subject: contact name for executing gisb agreement  darren  i called this afternoon but you were out . i hope all is well with you with  respect to the recent events . would you please call me regarding the  following two matters .  1 ) i am looking for a contact name and number for the person at enron that  can help us get a gisb agreement in place . our company went through a large  bank financing and we are going to be conducting commercial operations under  the entity known as anp funding i , llc . therefore , we would like to set up a  gisb agreement between enron and anp funding i , llc . becky kalmick works  with me and she is responsible for executing the gisb agreement . would you  please let me know who we can speak with regarding the agreement . also ,  would you please give your contact heads up as to what we want to do . please  note that i am dealing with mary cook in your company regarding the  execution of an isda agreement .  becky kalmick  work 713 - 613 - 4376  email bkalmick @ anpower . com  2 ) i would like to talk with you about the hays power plant that connected  to oasis pipe line and el paso texas pipeline . we have firm transport on  oasis from either waha , katy or mid - state .  thanks  trey  713 - 613 - 4396
HAM Subject: re : nicki please forward to deffner and colwell  yes . $ 300 mm will be used on sept 29 th to repay the $ 300 mm principal amount due associated with the financing executed last year to purchase the alberta ppa . it was already figured in the plan .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : daw , nicki  sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 4 : 54 pm  to : deffner , joseph ; colwell , wes  subject : fw : nicki please forward to deffner and colwell  see message below .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 16 : 48  to : daw , nicki  subject : nicki please forward to deffner and colwell  joe / wes  rob in canada is sitting in $ 300 mm in his bank account . does this count towards our cash targets - did you know it existed ?  have a good week - end  louise  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sent from my blackberry wireless handheld
HAM Subject: re :  louise :  my responses :  1 . the carrying costs have been capitalized , and under the accounting rules will continue to be capitalized through the last payment date under the turbine contract .  2 . at this time , the turbine value is undetermined . while we have identified one potential counterparty ( montana power ) , we do not have a signed deal . in addition , we are in the middle of a contract dispute with westinghouse regarding the damaged generator . while we hope to resolve this dispute in the context of our exiting the turbine position , there exists the potential of this going into litigation .  3 . janet and i proposed the deal i discussed with you to calme in december , but never got a formal response . i have put in several calls to elio tortolero at calme , but have not heard from him for about a month . he advised me at that time that he would get me a counter proposal . my group has had de facto management responsibility for the unit since december .  4 . this unit was initially an ena unit , but was taken by calme ( david haug ) i believe in december ' 99 for projects they were considering . i am not aware of the terms of that transfer .  fyi , i have attached a payment schedule for the turbine .  please let me know if you have any other questions . also , i have attached an updated site bank map which includes our texas site which was inadvertently left off the previous e - mail .  regards ,  ben  louise kitchen  03 / 28 / 2001 08 : 56 am  to : ben jacoby / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject :  this was the response from jim - if you have all the answers already - please give me a ring - otherwise can you pull the answers together and then give me a ring .  thanks  louise  louise :  i need to know two things : ( 1 ) have the carrying costs been expensed through jan . 1 and ( 2 ) is there commercial value to the turbine ? if there is value to the turbine , then i really don ' t understand allocating costs to a business unit that doesn ' t own the turbine in order to create the illusion of a profitable transaction . i also need to know on what basis and against what agreement calme agreed to bear the carrying costs . the project it supposedly related to has been dead for several years .  jim
HAM Subject: competitive analysis update # 13 - us terrorism attacks  update as of 0730 cdt .  a . market updates  u . s . markets / economic updates  ? us equity markets expected to reopen monday . the sec has announced it will allow coordinated buyback schemes to " ensure an orderly market " in the event of a market freefall upon monday ' s opening . the sec is also expected to strongly restrict short - selling .  ? nymex closed friday ; access trading uncertain  ? cbot / cme open friday ; full trading except for equity futures  ? standard taliban leaders vow revenge .  ? secretary of defense donald h . rumsfeld recommended calling up members of the reserve , initially to help support the combat air patrols securing the skies over major american cities . cabc believes that the reserve call - up will extend well beyond homeland defense and will include overseas deployments .  ? the political situation is growing more complicated as evidence mounts that nationals of the united arab emirates were involved in the attack . the implication of these individuals from an oil - producing us ally raises the possibility of political sanctions or other non - military measures that could affect the oil market .  ? congress , despite some misgivings from lawmakers over granting president bush open - ended authority , moved to give the administration $ 40 billion to wage its antiterror initiative . again , cabc believes that $ 40 billion represents a sum big enough to cover operations well beyond simply improving homeland defense .
HAM Subject: re : your visit to carnegie mellon  kent ,  thanks a lot . look forward to meeting you on campus .  vince  " kent garrett " on 11 / 05 / 2000 01 : 06 : 21 pm  to :  cc :  subject : your visit to carnegie mellon  vince :  i would like to personally thank you for spending the day with us at the  mscf program at carnegie mellon . the time you spent talking to us about  enron , and the energy industry in general , was very much appreciated . in  fact , i believe some students who were not previously interested in energy  are now interested because of the things about which you spoke . i have  signed up for an interview for the associate program at enron , and i hope to  speak to you again through involvement in the associate program . thanks  again .  sincerely ,  kent garrett  kent garrett  m . s . in computational finance  carnegie mellon university  ( 412 ) 362 - 7443
HAM Subject: invoice processing  as you are aware , the sap financial systems will be implemented for the enron  gas pipeline group , enron north america and enron energy services companies  on july 1 , 2000 . to effectively transfer the invoice processing from the  legacy msa system to the sap system , the following dates should be followed :  june 23 : invoice processing on the msa system will stop except for emergency  payments , wire transfers and achs .  june 26 : invoice processing on the sap system will begin for the gpg , ena and  ees companies . accounts payables will input invoices into the sap system  starting on this date , but checks will not be printed until the first payment  run is processed on july 5 .  june 28 : last day to input employee expense reports with ach in the msa  system .  june 29 : last day to input emergency payments and wire transfers in the msa  system .  june 30 : accounts payable to clean up outstanding open balances in the msa  system .  july 5 : all invoices will be entered into sap and the first payment run is  processed .  please remember , all invoices sent to accounts payable on or after june 23  must have sap general ledger coding applied to the invoice .  if you have any questions , please contact larry dallman , 713 . 853 . 7222 , ben  gwaltney , 713 . 853 . 1550 , andy zabriskie , 713 . 853 . 6892 or linda martin ,  713 . 853 . 7038 .
HAM Subject: very rough draft of the " enron strategic plan " to be sent to  professor duffie  hi ,  as per your request , here is a very rough draft of the document you  requested . it is far from being complete .  hopefully while in london i will have time to work on it some more .  your comments and feedback would be greatly appreciated .  thanks ,  iris
HAM Subject: nov , 2000 pnr billing - tw  fyi , see terry ' s note  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kim kouri / et & s / enron on 12 / 01 / 2000 08 : 42  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : terry galassini 12 / 01 / 2000 07 : 58 am  to : kim kouri / et & s / enron @ enron  cc : ben asante / et & s / enron @ enron  subject : nov , 2000 pnr billing - tw  kim ,  here ' s the november park and ride activity with it ' s associated rates and  revenues . you might find some opportunities here to use the tw deal analysis  tool . maybe its morgan or tk lohmann who could use this tool to set p & r  rates to ensure we cover the varialble o & m costs . as you can see there ' s not  much revenue associated with p & r during the course of the month so the impact  on linepack and fuel use has the potential to exceed the benefits .  thanks . . . . . . . . terry  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by terry galassini / et & s / enron on 12 / 01 / 2000  07 : 33 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  michael bodnar  11 / 30 / 2000 03 : 37 pm  to : kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , cynthia  rivers / et & s / enron @ enron , christine mcevoy / et & s / enron @ enron , beverly  miller / et & s / enron @ enron , terry kowalke / et & s / enron @ enron , linda  ward / et & s / enron @ enron , albert hernandez / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell  schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery  fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , lindy  donoho / et & s / enron @ enron , christine stokes / et & s / enron @ enron , terry  galassini / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron  cc : morgan gottsponer / et & s / enron @ enron , sue neville / et & s / enron @ enron , kay  threet / et & s / enron @ enron , reyna cabrera / et & s / enron @ enron  subject : nov , 2000 pnr billing - tw  attached is the detail for park n ride billing for november , 2000 . the  summary of charges is as follows :
HAM Subject: epe marketing availability  as of today , the marketing personnel will no longer be on call on the  weekends . the 5808 extension will be forwarded to enron along with the  5872 extension . there will be no preschedules or unit commitment plans  developed over the weekend . such preschedules and unit commitment plans  will be generated on friday or the day before the holiday until further  notice .  please call me at 915 - 543 - 4335 or pete serrano at 915 - 543 - 2045 if questions  arise .  please share this with other personnel as appropriate .
HAM Subject: may 2001 nomination  bob ,  questions based on the information in the facilitation by location report :  1 . meter 9643 hgpl / hpl - stratton , tejones operating corporation , sitara 266970 : should this purchase be at meter 9638 , freeman prod - maxine field in trade zone 18 ?  2 . i presume we are not counting both meter 9848 north padre island blk 8 and meter 9862 lehman / spinnaker onshore . isn ' t this the same gas ?  3 . meter 3536 seahawk / a - s ( mat plt 520 ) , eog resources , sitara 725391 : is this purchase properly in the wellhead book ?  4 . meter 6884 pgtt junction 16 " lease , comstock oil & gas , inc . and kerr - mcgee oil & gas onshore l . p . , sitara 125899 and 132975 : comstock ' s volume should exceed kerr - mcgee ' s volume , and together the two volumes should be approximately 73 , 000 / d . currently , comstock ' s volume is only 8 , 600 / d and kerr - mcgee ' s volume is 25 , 000 / d . we look about 38 , 000 / d short .  5 . meter 639 hannah nash , coral energy resources , l . p . , sitara 659998 : is this purchase properly in the wellhead book ?  i ' m looking at about 10 other old deals that i think should be in for may , but aren ' t . in addition , i ' m adding in the new deals that will flow in may . i ' ll be done by noon .  george
HAM Subject: re : contingencies  steve ,  i shall call you tomorrow about it . my preference is to move anjam to houston  for some time . anjam knows a lot about our business and specific positions  and it ' s better to prevent a potential leak . i have discussed this issue  with dale and richard and they concurred .  i don ' t expect anjam to act irrationally but it ' s better to be safe than  sorry .  vince  steven leppard  08 / 02 / 2000 03 : 08 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : contingencies  hi vince  if you ' re currently engaged in drawing up contingency plans for the anjam  situation , have you arranged for a " snapshot " of his computer directories to  be taken ? we all tend to use our personal areas ( on our h : drives ) for  development , and obviously there ' ll be a few years of work in anjam ' s  directories . i wouldn ' t want him to wipe it all out in a fit of bad temper .  although our it dept . obviously makes backups , i don ' t know how long they are  kept for .  cheers ,  steve
HAM Subject: day rate hedge  vince ,  included is the rest of the prices for 4 th and 5 th generation  semi - submersibles in the gulf of mexico . the only additional data is from  sept 99 through dec 99 .  chris and i look forward to your analysis on tuesday .
HAM Subject: ecogas corporation and subsidiaries  effective january 10 , 2001 , ecogas corporation , a delaware corporation , became a wholly owned subsidiary of enron ecogas holdings llc . attached is a datasheet for your review . please note that only two of its subsidiaries are still active , ecogas funding corporation and landfill ecogas , inc . the remainder of its subsidiaries , as listed below , have either been sold or dissolved :  ecovest - nelson gardens , l . l . c .  medio creek lgp , l . l . c .  bridgeton gas producers , l . l . c .  dallas landfill gas production , l . l . c .  ecogas mccommas bluff , inc .  fresh gas l . l . c .  gsf energy , l . l . c .  monteco gas , l . l . c .  tahlequah , l . p .  dade county lgp , l . l . c .  san antonio lgp , l . l . c .  please share this information with other interested parties .  note : sylvia hu - evidence to follow by hand .  kate b . cole  director , corporate services  enron corp .  tel : ( 713 ) 853 - 1624  fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 8007  email : kate . cole @ enron . com
HAM Subject: re : a 3 al ad hoc review team  great suggestion . yes , a meeting is needed , especially for same day  timelines .  may i suggest the conference center meeting rooms at the portland airport ?  a fly - in , fly - out meeting 9 : 30 a . m . to 3 : 30 p . m .  if you have a better location or better idea , speak - up . otherwise , i ' ll  check on availability of a room . looks like we are down to the last two  weeks of this month - 18 , 19 , 21 , 22 , 25 , 26 , or 27 .  i ' ll try to send out a list of topics for an agenda tomorrow .  robert harshbarger  puget sound energy  oasis trading manager  425 . 882 . 4643 ( desk )  206 . 604 . 3251 ( cell )  > - - - - - - - - - -  > from : holden - baker , susan - tms - ditt 2 [ smtp : smholden @ bpa . gov ]  > sent : tuesday , june 12 , 2001 1 : 33 pm  > to : ' harshbarger , robert ' ; ' ellingson , mons ' ; ' fotiou , demetrios ' ;  > ' grow , lisa ' ; ' holden - baker , susan ' ; ' smith , chris ' ; ' tilghman , carmine ' ;  > ' underwood , john ' ; ' williams , bill ' ; ' dempsey @ wapa . gov '  > cc : ' hackney , mark ' ; carter , gloria j - tms - dittl ; ellingwood , robert g  > - tms ; hutchison , wesley a - tms ; buchanan , shepard - tms - dittl ; buckmier ,  > shirley m . - tms ; mcneil - keister , jean - tms ; hoffman , lorie s - tms - dittl ;  > lyons , barry d - tms - dittl  > subject : re : a 3 al ad hoc review team  >  > >  > i have attached bpa transmission schedulings ' response to the questions  > posed by bob in his email dated may 21 below . if the group feels it would  > be helpful to meet to discuss the timeline issues , i am in support of that  > effort . otherwise , i look forward to the responses from the rest of the  > group . thanks , sue .  >  > sue holden - baker  > bonneville power administration  > transmission supply  > ( 360 ) 418 - 8278  > smholden @ bpa . gov  >  >  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : harshbarger , robert [ mailto : bharsh @ puget . com ]  > sent : tuesday , may 22 , 2001 8 : 50 am  > to : ' ellingson , mons ' ; ' fotiou , demetrios ' ; ' grow , lisa ' ; ' holden - baker ,  > susan ' ; ' smith , chris ' ; ' tilghman , carmine ' ; ' underwood , john ' ;  > ' williams , bill '  > cc : ' hackney , mark '  > subject : re : a 3 al ad hoc review team  >  >  > timeliners :  >  > revision to yesterday ' s e - mail - due date is end of july . so proposals by  > mid - june , first draft report by early / mid - july , discussion throughout .  >  > bob  >  > > - - - - - - - - - -  > > from : harshbarger , robert  > > sent : monday , may 21 , 2001 5 : 16 pm  > > to : ellingson , mons ; fotiou , demetrios ; grow , lisa ;  > holden - baker , susan ;  > > smith , chris ; tilghman , carmine ; underwood , john ; williams , bill  > > cc : ' hackney , mark '  > > subject : a 3 al ad hoc review team  > >  > > yes , that ' s right , you did raise your hand for this .  > >  > > we are to submit to isas any recommendation ( s ) by august ? ? , 2001 ( what  > > was the date , i didn ' t write it down ) .  > >  > > is there benefit to have a face - to - face meeting ? either way , we ' ll use  > > e - mail for discussion and maybe a conference call or two .  > >  > > first assignment is to read :  > > * a 3 al - interim is what we are currently running with .  > > * a 3 al - version 3 - draft 2 goes before the nerc bot june 10 - 11 .  > > * a 3 al - candr contains public comments and responses from nerc is .  > >  > > > > > a 3 alcandr . doc > >  > > questions to keep in mind :  > > * are our current timelines as good as it gets ?  > > * do we want to adopt the eastern interconnection ' s timelines ?  > > * what are the deficiencies of our timelines ?  > > * will these deficiencies be present under 1 . 7 ?  > > * which timing requirements could be changed with an reasonable amount  > > of effort ( i . e . , tariff items , agc ramp times , a 3 al , etc . ) ?  > >  > > remember . . . .  > > >  > >  > > bob harshbarger  > > oasis trading manager  > > puget sound energy  > > ( 425 ) 882 - 4643 voice  > > ( 425 ) 882 - 4496 fax  > > ( 206 ) 405 - 5161 pager  > > ( 206 ) 604 - 3251 cell  > >  >  >
HAM Subject: 2001 budgets  i will be working you each of you to create your 2001 budget .  the first draft of the 2001 budget is due on september 18 th .  i will be doing most of the work , i will just need a little  bit of information from you !  for starters , i need your staffing requirements for 2001 . attached is a  worksheet  for you to enter what your approved staffing level is today , and any staff  adds you  think you will need by the end of next year .  be sure to add the business justification for any staff adds .  first fill in your approved staff for sept 2000 , then just change any month  with a staff  add , it will populate accross the rest of the months . type your justifcation  at the  bottom of the form .  please turn in your 2001 staffing by september 11 , end of business .  we will discuss your staffing requirements at steve ' s tuesday staff meeting .  thanks !
HAM Subject: re : 6 / 6 / 00 financial trades  looks good . . . everyone has done an excellent job in getting this set up and  monitored .  from : jefferson d sorenson 06 / 08 / 2000 05 : 00 pm  to : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect  cc : larry joe hunter / hou / ect @ ect  subject : 6 / 6 / 00 financial trades  as you can see , these messages are paying off , only 9 deals of 1 , 262 , quite  an improvement . good job joe !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect on  06 / 08 / 2000 10 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : larry joe hunter 06 / 07 / 2000 07 : 06 pm  to : jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect  cc : rod nelson / hou / ect @ ect , russell diamond / hou / ect @ ect , molly  harris / hou / ect @ ect , brant reves / hou / ect @ ect , nidia mendoza / hou / ect @ ect , john  suttle / hou / ect @ ect , veronica espinoza / corp / enron @ enron , brad  schneider / corp / enron @ enron , souad mahmassani / corp / enron @ enron , sheetal  patel / hou / ect @ ect , kevin meredith / corp / enron @ enron , purvi patel / hou / ect @ ect ,  ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron , jody crook / corp / enron @ enron , sony  wilson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : 6 / 6 / 00 financial trades  the below is a list of monday , june 6 , 2000 financial otc deals which did not  go out by cob today ( june 7 ) . this is our standard deadline of trade date +  1 day for sending confirmations to counterparties .  fyi : the below excludes canada traded deals and deals which we sign the  counterparty ' s confirmation :  total deal count for june 6 = 1 , 262  total deals not sent to c / p = 9  counterparty deal no . status reason  cmsmarsertra nl 6574 . 1 pending revised after sent t trade capture changed  - purvi  cmsmarsertra nl 6583 . 1 pending revised after sent t trade capture changed  - purvi  coralenehol nl 6747 . 1 pending revised after sent t c / p name change - ami  chokshi  growmark nl 6736 . 1 pending sent to credit c / p to prepay  premium - sony  growmark nl 6740 . 1 pending sent to credit c / p to prepay  premium - sony  clecomarand nl 6761 . 1 pending sent to legal needs gty - jody crook  clecomarand nl 6761 . 2 pending sent to legal needs gty - jody crook  clecomarand nl 6800 . 1 pending sent to legal needs gty - ami chokshi  clecomarand nl 6809 . 1 pending sent to legal needs gty - ami chokshi  thanks ,  joe
HAM Subject: re : a personal favor  anurag ,  i shall talk about vikas to our it people .  can you send me his resume ?  vince  " saksena , anurag " on 05 / 07 / 2001 10 : 06 : 54 am  to : " ' vkamins @ ect . enron . com ' "  cc :  subject : a personal favor  vince ,  i have left a voice mail to you and will wait to talk to you personally . my brother vikas , who is now in london , is trying to make a switch from consulting world to working for a specific firm . over last few months , i have heard of great deal about the success of enron on line business which fits well in the area of his expertise . i am wondering if you know of some one in london who he can speak to regarding career opportunities .  since i spoke to you last , a number of things have changed . recently , my manadate was broaden to include leading a charge for developing a risk management function for both the domestic and international businesses for gmac . needless to say , this is exciting albeit making the life a little more hectic than usual .  talk to you later .  anurag  952 - 857 - 6133
HAM Subject: re : new albany  yes - we have discussed that concept on a couple of different occasions .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 1 : 04 pm  to : miller , don  subject : re : new albany  no i mean about them as a potential buyer further down the line .  from : don miller / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 26 / 2001 11 : 00 am  to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : new albany  not yet . i thought you spoke to him .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 10 : 39 am  to : miller , don  subject : re : new albany  have you spoken to chris about lv  from : don miller / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 25 / 2001 06 : 11 pm  to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : new albany  louise ,  allegheny is no bid on new albany . they want to focus only on technology which allows for combine cycle conversion . the turbines at new albany do not accommodate combine cycle conversion .  they are interested in pursuing our longview development in washington , and we are going to follow up with them on a couple of sites in entergy .  it looks like i might really have to work at selling new albany ! ! !  don
HAM Subject: ncph transaction with aig - - latest documents  louise ,  attached please find the loi and termsheet that is currently in place together with the securities purchase agreement , brokerage agreement and asset managment agreement drafts that are undergoing significant revisions per negotiations that took place tuesday and wednesday of this week .  steve  steve van hooser  enron north america corp .  1400 smith  eb 3877  houston , texas 77002  713 - 853 - 7238
HAM Subject: rotation of leandro " roy " ibasco  hello celeste :  plans are in the works to rotate roy ibasco from the research group into  henry arora ' s group . vanessa carranza is handling the churn request . i am  not sure of the rotation date , but we need his desk by the 15 th for gwyn  koepke .  you probably already know all of this , but just in case .  shirley  3 - 5290
HAM Subject: start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ;  start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020204 . txt
HAM Subject: capital book  was the internal ownership policy attachment omitted from this e - mail ? it seems to deal only with capital charge although the internal ownership policy is referenced in paragraph 2 .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard lydecker / corp / enron on 04 / 18 / 2001 08 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron americas - office of the chairman  from : enron americas - office of the chairman on 04 / 17 / 2001 01 : 05 am  sent by : enron announcements  to : ena employees  cc :  subject : capital book  to further the process of reaching the stated objectives of increasing enron america ' s velocity of capital and associated return on invested capital , we have decided to create a capital book . the capital book will have no profit target associated with it and will be managed by joe deffner . the purpose of creating this book is to ensure that all transactions within enron americas , with any form of capital requirement , are structured correctly and are allocated the appropriate cost of capital charge .  the previous numbers used in the business plans at the beginning of this year will remain for all transactions in place and where we hold assets . therefore , on any assets currently held within each business area , the capital charge will remain at 15 % . internal ownership of these assets will be maintained by the originating business unit subject to the internal ownership policy outlined below .  the cost of capital associated with all transactions in enron americas will be set by joe . this process is separate and apart from the current rac process for transactions which will continue unchanged .  capital investments on balance sheet will continue to accrue a capital charge at the previously established rate of 15 % . transactions which are structured off credit will receive a pure market pass through of the actually incurred cost of capital as opposed to the previous 15 % across the board charge . transactions which are structured off balance sheet , but on credit will be priced based upon the financial impact on enron america ' s overall credit capacity .  on transactions that deploy capital through the trading books , the capital book will take a finance reserve on each transaction , similar to the way the credit group takes a credit reserve . this finance reserve will be used specifically to fund the capital required for the transaction . as noted above , the capital book will have no budget and will essentially charge out to the origination and trading groups at actual cost .  by sending market - based capital pricing signals internally , enron america ' s sources of capital and liquidity should be better optimized across the organization .  questions regarding the capital book can be addressed to :  joe deffner 853 - 7117  alan quaintance 345 - 7731
HAM Subject: electric systems for non - engineers  electric systems for non - engineers  date : august 24 and august 25  time : 8 : 30 am to 5 : 00 pm  location : oregon room , 2 world trade center  this workshop provides you with a comprehensive understanding of system operations including fossil fuel , hydro and nuclear generation , transmission and distribution . the course will provide not only technical information but also economics of operation , system and equipment protection and safety .  areas covered include :  generation  transmission and overhead  distribution systems  underground distribution  switchgear  voltage control  matching generation  if you are interested in attending this course , please let me know no later than august 10 , 2001 .  thanks !  amy
HAM Subject: extend deal  i have flow at meter 989602 for july without a deal to allocate to . for  june production , deal number 276494 was at the meter . please either extend  the deal or create a ticket . if you have any questions , please call me at  ext . 35251 .  thank you ,  mary jane
HAM Subject: enron / hpl actuals for july 18 , 2000  teco tap 10 . 000 / enron ; 65 . 000 / iferc  ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron
HAM Subject: australian energy 2000  dear vince ,  i hope you are well and that things round at enron aren ' t too hectic . it is  my pleasure to invite you to speak at energy any help would be gratefully received .  this event will be thoroughly marketed through both energy & power risk  management magazine and our extensive database . it is my aim to attract the  leading market players by providing a first - class programme with top - rated  speakers , making this a highly worthwhile event for the energy industry .  i have attached a copy of the programme for your information .  unfortunately my schedule for this event is very tight . please let me know  if you would like to participate by reurn email as it is unlikely that we  can speak on the phone as i am currently based in hong kong . if you would  like to send a colleague , then i would be happy to discuss this but it  would be great if you could complete the eprm grand slam by addressing our  three major annual events on three different continents !  i look forward to hearing from you soon .  yours sincerely ,  joel hanley  producer , eprm conferences & courses  - australianenergy 2000 . doc  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  eprm conferences  risk publications  hong kong  tel : 852 2545 2710  fax : 852 2545 7317  www . riskpublications . com
HAM Subject: for vince j kaminski ' s approval  below you will find a copy of a request that is awaiting your approval .  please advise us as to your approval or rejection of this request by way of  email , since your system does not allow you to open the icon that was  submitted by way of a doc link .  i thank you in advance for your cooperation in this matter .  leola barnett  information risk management  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by information risk management / hou / ect on  04 / 05 / 2000 03 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  security resource request system pending vp approval  resource request how to find the status of this request . . .  general information initials :  requestor : jason sokolov / hou / ect phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6286  requested for : jason sokolov / hou / ect  request type : update access  rc # : 100038 wo # :  company # : 0011 priority : high  manager : mike a roberts vp : vince j kaminski  location :  in the request processing section , see the status column for each requested  resource .  look at the overall status of the request in the title bar above . the status  will display closed when your request is complete .  click the " status " button below .  comments :  request # : jsov - 4 f 8 r 44  submitted : 01 / 04 / 2000 01 : 58 : 37 pm  name cost status implementation comments  application / database  bloomberg $ 1 , 800 . 00 monthly not started  request processing path  processed by status when comments  manager approved 01 / 20 12 : 57 pm  vp  security  implementation  editing history ( only the last five ( 5 ) are shown )  edit # past authors edit dates  2  3  4  5  6 jason sokolov  jason sokolov  jason sokolov  jason sokolov  mike a roberts 01 / 04 / 2000 01 : 56 : 27 pm  01 / 04 / 2000 01 : 57 : 47 pm  01 / 04 / 2000 01 : 58 : 30 pm  01 / 04 / 2000 01 : 58 : 37 pm  01 / 20 / 2000 12 : 57 : 16 pm
HAM Subject: research prc  please make sure that vince has the new location on his calendar - i think  shirley is out of the office  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by norma villarreal / hou / ect on 12 / 07 / 2000  04 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ramona perkins @ enron  12 / 06 / 2000 05 : 38 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , susan wimberley / hou / ect @ ect  subject : research prc  the prc meeting for research has been moved to eb 42 cl . please make the  necessary changes to vince ' s calendar . thanks .
HAM Subject: neon retreat  ho ho ho , we ' re around to that most wonderful time of the year - - - neon leaders retreat time !  i know that this time of year is extremely hectic , and that it ' s tough to think about anything past the holidays , but life does go on past the week of december 25 through january 1 , and that ' s what i ' d like you to think about for a minute .  on the calender that i handed out at the beginning of the fall semester , the retreat was scheduled for the weekend of january 5 - 6 . but because of a youth ministers conference that brad and dustin are connected with that week , we ' re going to change the date to the following weekend , january 12 - 13 . now comes the part you need to think about .  i think we all agree that it ' s important for us to get together and have some time to recharge our batteries before we get to far into the spring semester , but it can be a lot of trouble and difficult for us to get away without kids , etc . so , brad came up with a potential alternative for how we can get together on that weekend , and then you can let me know which you prefer .  the first option would be to have a retreat similar to what we ' ve done the past several years . this year we could go to the heartland country inn ( www . . com ) outside of brenham . it ' s a nice place , where we ' d have a 13 - bedroom and a 5 - bedroom house side by side . it ' s in the country , real relaxing , but also close to brenham and only about one hour and 15 minutes from here . we can golf , shop in the antique and craft stores in brenham , eat dinner together at the ranch , and spend time with each other . we ' d meet on saturday , and then return on sunday morning , just like what we ' ve done in the past .  the second option would be to stay here in houston , have dinner together at a nice restaurant , and then have dessert and a time for visiting and recharging at one of our homes on that saturday evening . this might be easier , but the trade off would be that we wouldn ' t have as much time together . i ' ll let you decide .  email me back with what would be your preference , and of course if you ' re available on that weekend . the democratic process will prevail - - majority vote will rule ! let me hear from you as soon as possible , preferably by the end of the weekend . and if the vote doesn ' t go your way , no complaining allowed ( like i tend to do ! )  have a great weekend , great golf , great fishing , great shopping , or whatever makes you happy !  bobby
HAM Subject: re : one last reminder and then i will be quiet  e - mail is perfect . it allows me to just dump your grades directly into our  database . i do then sign a hard copy ( indicating that i am signing in  proxy for you ) to hand over to the registrar . if you prefer , you could fax  the information as well ( 713 - 348 - 5251 ) . thank you for your help ! - pam  ( 713 - 348 - 6223 )  at 05 : 39 pm 4 / 24 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote :  > pam ,  >  > please , let me know how i can submit the grades .  > i gave my students april the 30 th as a deadline to submit  > their reports and i shall be able to send you the grades by may the 4 th .  >  > is e - mail ok ?  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > pamela vande krol castro on 04 / 19 / 2001 10 : 11 : 23 am  >  > to : ( recipient list suppressed )  > cc : werckle @ ruf . rice . edu , spradlin @ ruf . rice . edu  > subject : one last reminder and then i will be quiet  >  >  > one last reminder . .  > today is really your last day for scheduling final exams with linda werckle  > ( 3463 ) . she will be out of town after today until exams begin .  >  > also , please remember to turn in your grades for all of your graduating  > seniors by friday , may 4 th . this is the university deadline so we cannot  > miss this date . the registrar needs final information on each student in  > order to verify their graduating status .  >  > as always - thank you for your help !  >  > pamela castro  > mba program associate  > rice university  > 713 - 348 - 6223
HAM Subject: re : conn . coal plants  they are pursuing because i requested to pursue . the reason for the e - mail is to place management emphasis on this opportunity .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : wednesday , september 26 , 2001 10 : 10 pm  to : presto , kevin m . ; miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; robinson , mitch ; davis , mark dana ; llodra , john ; broderick , paul j .  cc : lavorato , john ; duran , w . david  subject : re : conn . coal plants  both john llodra and don miller have had discussions with regard to pursuing these assets over the last week . essentially , these plants may be the first distress sales we see in the market place .  john / don - can you let everyone know how you plan to move forward .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : presto , kevin m .  sent : wednesday , september 26 , 2001 9 : 38 pm  to : miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; robinson , mitch ; davis , mark dana ; llodra , john ; broderick , paul j .  cc : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; duran , w . david  subject : conn . coal plants  as most of you know , nrg ' s proposed purchase of two coal plants in conneticut ( ui ' s territory ) was recently cancelled due to regulatory issues at ferc . the purchase and sale transaction between wisvest and nrg was originally entered into almost two years ago . the proposed purchase price of $ 350 million for 1000 mw of coal was a " bargain price " at the time due to environmental risks that are specific to the state of ct .  over the past 2 - 3 years , the state of conneticut has threatened to have these coal plants shut down due to pollution issues and wisvest was concerned enough about this risk that they " puked " the plants to nrg for $ 350 / kw in early 2000 . at a minimum , it is expected that $ 100 - 150 / kw of scr and / or scrubbers will be required at these facilities to appease the ct regulatory bodies .  my strong view is that , as a practical matter , the plants cannot be shut down or the lights would go out in ct . the area where the plants are located is quite possibly the most congested area in the entire eastern interconnect . the load pocket is significantly short mw and transmission import capability is inadequate to serve the load in this area . in a true " locational marginal price " environment , the prices would likely be similar to zone j in new york currently , pricing in nepool is generally socialized with congestion costs spread equally to all loads , regardless of who causes the congestion .  in the recently proposed " single ne rto " model , it is about 80 % certain that the pjm " locational marginal price " market model will be implemented sometime between mid - 2003 and mid - 2004 . at that point in time , consumers in the congested areas of nepool ( in - city boston and ct ) will be exposed to higher energy prices , while consumers in maine , new hampshire , and rhode island should see lower prices .  given the facts above , coupled with traditional asset companies too long to show good bids for incremental assets , i think ews should pursue discussions with wisvest immediately and attempt to buy these coal plants at what could be extremely favorable economics relative to our forward curve in nepool and our bullish view for relative pricing at the asset " node " .  if we could buy these plants for approx $ 250 / kw with $ 150 / kw of environmental upgrades , the resulting " all - in " ( depr , fixed & variable o & m , fuel costs , nox , so 2 , capital reserve , interest ) 7 x 24 plant cost would be approx . $ 34 - 36 / mwh . this is lower than our energy only socialized nepool curve . additional upside is derived from positive basis , icap , ancillary services , emissions allowances , and long term requirements sales to lse ' s .  lavo and louise - this could be the " alberta ppa " for 2002 . lots of " hair " but lots of upside .  any thoughts ?
HAM Subject: new research tool - too cool ! ! !  this tool is really a breakthrough . real - time off our new satellite  controller , meteorological info from noaa ' s satellite ! ! !  simple and easy .  just go to . . .  further instruction ( there is only one instruction ) . .  type in your station of interest , example : khou for houston , texas , lirf for  rome , italy , eddh for hamburg , etc ( see attached city code list )  you will be constantly updated way before the competition !  enjoy . . .
HAM Subject: meter 9687  daren ,  sean in gas control called and said meter 9687 was flowing approx . 16 , 000  mmbtu / day . the nomination is for 24 , 000 mmbtu / day . the c / p is costilla  energy and the deal # is 125783 . do you want me to adjust ? please advise .  bob
HAM Subject: re : mhi 501 f disposition planning  louise :  we are presently working with jody pierce to get the accounting system for the turbine book in place , and a turbine report form prepared . we will have this to you in the next 10 business days . the only recent news is the sale of the steam turbine for $ 400 k , and that we intend to utilize an outside consulting firm ( navigant ) to enhance our ability to get some interest going on the sw 501 d 5 a . lastly , we are reviewing the possibility of having the ft . pierce project use mhi unit # 3 instead of unit # 1 in light of the apparent market interest in units 1 and 2 , and the current ft . pierce construction schedule which is better suited for unit # 3 than unit # 1 .  mike coleman is putting together a budget and program to monitor ( from a technical perspective ) and maintain the 501 d 5 a and the 501 fs .  please let me know if you have any other questions .  regards ,  ben  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 8 : 16 am  to : wiggs , brett ; jacoby , ben ; calger , christopher f .  subject : fw : mhi 501 f disposition planning  all valid points - i wouldn ' t mind an update on where we are on the turbine book ( including yesterday ' s good news ) .  thanks  louise  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : coleman , mike  sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 5 : 50 pm  to : wiggs , brett ; jacoby , ben ; calger , christopher f .  cc : virgo , robert ; mays , wayne ; tapscott , ron ; fairley , david ; golden , bruce ; kitchen , louise  subject : mhi 501 f disposition planning  with the shipment of two of the four units from mhi scheduled for august and no viable place to ship them , our exposure to increasing costs associated with these units will start to climb quickly . we need to move agressively to minimize our risk in this position .  based on discussion with a number of people , i would strongly recommend that we make full efforts to sell units 1 and 2 as quickly as possible . john garrison has identified a number of potential buyers , and i believe that brett wiggs in in communication with one or more of them as we speak .  we should inform mhi that we will now target unit 3 for fort pierce , given the slowdown in the fort pierce schedule and the inability to get further reductions in pricing from mhi on unit 1 . if we also drop the dual fuel requirement for fort pierce , we should provide some project savings to that project . prior to informing mhi , we shoud have jackson chaeng status the auxiliaries for unit 3 so we have a basis for understanding any appropriate cancellation costs .  i also recommend that we tentatively target unit 4 for tallahassee , unless sale of units 1 and 2 were contingent on delivering a 3 rd unit to a buyer . in the next three weeks we will review tallahassee versus best turbine fit and availability of alternative equipment to determine if we want to continue to target unit 4 to that project .  finally , mhi has requested that we allow an extention of ship date for unit 1 from august 2 to the end of august . i think it is in our best interests to agree to that directly , given that we can ' t tell them where to ship it and would immediately face claims for storage costs if we insist on an august 2 ship date . we should ask that they forgo storage costs on auxiliaries until the later ship date .  probably everyone knows some of this , and some know all of this , but hopefully the overall picture is of value .  thanks !  mike coleman
HAM Subject: update on retention & severance plan  we know how interested all of you are in the retention & severance plan , so we want to update you on its status .  as many of you know , we have been working with members of the creditors ' committee and their consultants since december to formulate a retention & severance plan , and we formally presented the plan to the committee on friday , february 22 . we had hoped the committee would approve the plan quickly so that we could file it with the bankruptcy court and share the details of the plan with you before the end of the month .  we know that many of you have career options outside of enron and that the retention & severance plan may impact your decision to stay or to leave . we sincerely regret to inform you that approval of the plan for debtor companies is delayed . we ' re learning that , in bankruptcy , most things don ' t move as quickly as we are accustomed .  the committee outlined some concerns related to our proposed plan , but we are confident we will be able to reach agreement with the creditors on those concerns . the creditors ' committee fully supports the implementation of a retention & severance plan . such plans align the company ' s objectives with the goals of the creditors and are fairly standard in bankruptcy . these plans are designed as a way to preserve and maximize value for the estate .  the creditors ' committee also understands that time is of the essence for getting a plan in place and has established a subcommittee to expedite their review and approval process . to that end , we are meeting regularly with the subcommittee . we intend to work hand - in - hand with them to reach agreement on an acceptable plan as quickly as possible . this is currently our top priority , bar none !  when we filed for bankruptcy , we did not fully grasp how tedious the process of developing an acceptable plan would be . unfortunately , that lack of understanding led management to set unrealistic expectations about how quickly a plan might be in place .  we now know that it takes significant time , resources and effort to understand , identify and gather the massive volume of required details , to formulate that information into a reasonable program , and to prepare a rationale and compelling presentation . the process mirrors the most time - intensive business presentation or deal negotiation with which enron has been involved . that serves only as an explanation - it is not intended as an excuse .  we remain committed to working with the creditors ' committee until we can reach agreement on a plan . we anticipate that negotiation process will take another week or so , and have targeted the week of march 11 to file a motion to adopt a plan with the bankruptcy court . we will continue to hold retention and severance as our number one priority until a plan is approved by the bankruptcy court .  with respect to non - debtor companies , or those companies not in bankruptcy , new severance plans are being approved and will be rolled out to employees in those companies in the very near future .  in the meantime , we have been working to finalize merit increases and promotions across the entire organization and plan to communicate those to employees next week .  and of course , we will update you on retention and severance as soon as possible .
HAM Subject: california update 3 / 16 / 01  ? a source within the generator community confirms press reporting that coram  energy plans to file an involuntary bankruptcy early next week . through an  intermediary , we were able to corroborate this information with a senior  member of the ca iso board . coram energy is a relatively small wind  generator qf based in west vancouver , british columbia , though it also owns  wind stations in california . coram has 238 40 kw units .  ? the source believes that this filing may have been precipitated by the  fact that many people believe it would take a blackout for governor davis to  be able to get his bailout plan passed by the legislature . it is unlikely  that blackouts would happen in april or may , meaning a long wait for the  cash strapped qfs to wait to get paid .  ? the filing will be against socal .  ? in order to file an involuntary bankruptcy , coram would have to file along  with at least two other creditors owed $ 10 , 000 or more . sources report coram  has two other creditors who will file with them ( working on finding out who  they are ) .  ? sources also report that other qfs are " taking legal advice " on how to  proceed in light of these developments .
HAM Subject: re :  fine with me if hunter and lavo can support it .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lavorato , john  sent : mon 1 / 21 / 2002 5 : 11 pm  to : milnthorp , rob ; calger , christopher f . ; whalley , greg ; kitchen , louise ; shively , hunter s . ; presto , kevin m . ; belden , tim  cc :  subject :  it ' s my turn , i ' ve asked for nothing  i need caroline abramo  as well as her bonus we need  100 k and 100 k contract .  a promotion to vp .  and she wants to report calger and milnthorp .  hunter and i think it is very important .
HAM Subject: more dalton baby info  final update . . . . .  i went to see dorothy , tim and the new baby on sunday . he is absolutely  beautiful and dorothy and tim couldn ' t be prouder parents . his name  is . . . . . drake andrew dalton and that name suits him just fine ! thanks .
HAM Subject: fw : pooling contract template  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : christinehauk @ txu . com [ mailto : christinehauk @ txu . com ]  sent : monday , november 26 , 2001 9 : 45 am  to : buss , jd  subject : pooling contract template  ( see attached file : line x pool contract . doc )
HAM Subject: new coastal production  coastal plans to bring up the monte cristo ( meter 9873 ) today . hpl is buying  the residue ( net 15 % pvr ) at stratton effective today ( vol . of 34 m ) . this  gas is to be transported by hpl to the inlet ( meter 980415 ) and may or may  not be repurchased at the tailgate . at this time , this gas is scheduled on  the strangers it agmt . , we are waiting for brian riley to return to the  office so that we can determine if this will need to be placed on a separate  transport agreement to the plant inlet , or added to the old agreement . i  will try to keep everyone apprised to the extent that i am in the loop .  mary
HAM Subject: working paper list & etc  ? ? ? dear vince :  ?  ? ? ? i have put together a list of finance working papers ( some of which i  brought to the interview last wednesday ) which i have written since 1995  mostly in support of my work but also ( at least initially ) as a learning  tool . several of them , however , ? do contain innovations .  ? ? ?  ? ? ? i have asked ms . de claris to forward a copy to you .  ?  ? ? ? as i expressed to you earlier i am particularly interested in enron  credit swaps trading platform and the business opportunities that it will  spawn .  ?  ? ? ? i also think that there are tremendous opportunities to be explored in  the secondary mortgage maket in the us . i do not know if enron has  considered or is active in this market . this would be an area that i am also  very interested and in which i think much better can be done than most of  the players in the street .  ?  ? ? ? the question in my mind ( hopefully not prematurely ) ? is : if there is  interest here would enron consider letting me put together this business ?  ?  ? ? ? i look forward to hearing from you soon .  ?  ? ? ? best regards  ?  ? ? ? joao  ?  ? ? ?
HAM Subject: king ranch gas plant - 12 / 2000 election  subject : king ranch gas plant - 12 / 2000 election  hpl has elected to be kept whole with respect to processing during the month  of december 2000 on its gas delivered from the three rivers gathering  system . there should be no reduction for shrinkage and fuel at the plant for  december 2000 .  hpl will be kept whole with respect to ethane recoveries from the big cowboy  gas being processed at the king ranch gas plant during the month of december  2000 . this election will reduce the shrinkage percentage from 20 % of the  inlet mmbtu ' s to 15 % of the inlet mmbtu ' s .  if you have any questions please give me a call .  thanks !  blanca
HAM Subject: request submitted : access request for joyce . kuo @ enron . com  you have received this email because you are listed as a data approver .  please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000008348  request create date : 11 / 28 / 00 8 : 51 : 12 am  requested for : joyce . kuo @ enron . com  resource name : eol us risk management application product data manager  resource type : applications
HAM Subject: re :  jeff ,  the meeting is scheduled for wednesday afternoon .  vince  from : jeffrey a shankman 07 / 31 / 2000 12 : 56 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : barbara lewis / hou / ect @ ect  subject :  please make sure our meeting with skilling gets onto my calendar . thanks .  jeff
HAM Subject: fw : tenaska iv meeting list . xls  fyi . consider the meeting time shown in the attached as firm ; i ' ll work on the location and get back to you on it .  rh  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : " motley , tom " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 motley + 2 c + 20 tom + 22 + 20 + 3 ctom + 2 emotley + 40 elpaso + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ]  sent : wednesday , june 20 , 2001 4 : 48 pm  to : hill , garrick  cc : field , david  subject : tenaska iv meeting list . xls  >  this should be a fairly accurate list of those attending the various  meetings from elpaso . please make sure i got the times right .  this email and any files transmitted with it from the elpaso  corporation are confidential and intended solely for the  use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed .  if you have received this email in error please notify the  sender .  - tenaska iv meeting list . xls
HAM Subject: contract # 27600 ( bass / tw )  bass hereby requests that the maxdtq volume on the proposed amendment dated  3 / 13 / 02 on the subject contract be changed from 2 , 500 dth to 2 , 200 dth .  mark corley  manager - gas marketing
HAM Subject: fw : frihart  as we discussed friday , frihart ' s agreement s / b converted from a 6 - month offer to a 12 month agreement . the following terms are acceptable :  base is same  upfront payment is same  $ 55 cash / $ 55 equity  regards ,  chris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vickers , frank  sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 1 : 09 pm  to : calger , christopher f . ; milnthorp , rob  subject : frihart  i have had discussions with bryant . he was disappointed as to the reduction in the equity because as he says " he is in this for the long run " . however , i can get him done at current structure if move 50 / 50 to 55 / 55 . is that possible ? that adds a total of $ 10 k over a 2 year period with 50 % cash ( $ 5000 ) in the first year and 50 % equity ( $ 5000 ) in the back . seems like it should not be a deal breaker .  frank
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 9 ;  start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122309 . txt
HAM Subject: re : turkey  the group to whom this message was sent is rac in london , related to london ' s  focus on enron ' s equity interest in opet ( $ 18 million exposure ) .  gwyn  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 59  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  gwyn koepke  04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 58 pm  to : suryan wirya simunovic / lon / ect @ ect  cc : gkoepke @ enron . com @ ect , jolyon manning / eu / enron @ enron , padmesh  thuraisingham / lon / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / lon / ect @ ect , mitra  mujica / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : turkey  suryan ,  please find attached a brief on turkey , per your request . as stated in the  brief , this is a preliminary forecast and is subject to change upon further  government announcements related to external financing and monetary / fx  policies .  gwyn koepke  suryan wirya simunovic @ ect  04 / 19 / 2001 10 : 48 am  to : gkoepke @ enron . com  cc : jolyon manning / eu / enron @ enron , padmesh thuraisingham / lon / ect @ ect  subject : turkey  gwyn ,  paddy and i spoke to you earlier today regarding eel ' s turkish investment .  you mentioned that you could send us a brief report on what has been going on  in turkey in the last couple of weeks . as we are having a meeting tomorrow  am could you still send us this report before business closing houston to  myself , paddy and jolyon manning .  thank you  suryan wirya simunovic
HAM Subject: associate and analyst program contacts  associate and analyst programs ( the  & programs  8 ) are administered globally .  listed below is the contact information for the offices that utilize the  programs . please do not hesitate to contact the individuals identified with  any questions , placement needs or hiring needs .  houston / portland / australia  celeste roberts , program director . manages the daily operations . her  assistant is dolores muzzy and can be reached at ext . 3 - 6245 .  ginger gamble . overall responsibility for associate recruiting . candidates  interested in the associate program can forward their inquiries and resumes  to ginger at ebl 191 . ginger can also be reached at ext . 3 - 7583 or by e - mail  at ginger . b . gamble @ enron . com .  shelly jones . overall responsibility for analyst recruiting . candidates  interested in the analyst program can forward their inquiries and resumes to  shelly at ebl 175 . shelly can also be reached at ext . 3 - 0943 or by e - mail at  shelly . jones @ enron . com .  jana giovannini . responsible for operations and expenses . jana can be  reached at ext . 3 - 9233 or by e - mail at jana . giovannini @ enron . com . jana is  located at ebl 187 .  shannon rodgers . responsible for associate rotations . associates and hiring  managers who need information on rotations and associate availability should  contact shannon at extension 3 - 3853 or by e - mail at shannon . rodgers @ enron . com  . shannon is located at ebl 186 a .  elizabeth boudreaux . responsible for analyst rotations . analysts and hiring  managers who need information on rotations and analyst availability should  contact elizabeth at ext . 3 - 6176 or by e - mail at  elizabeth . boudreaux @ enron . com . elizabeth is located at ebl 186 b .  argentina / bolivia / brazil  miguel padron . responsible for associate and analyst rotations , operations  and expenses . his assistant is rosely nassar and can be reached at 5503 - 1243 .  disneau santiago . responsible for associate and analyst recruitment .  disneau  , s assistant is marlene muniz and can be reached at 5503 - 1244 .  calgary  dawn doucet . responsible for associate and analyst recruiting and rotations .  candidates interested in either the associate or analyst programs can forward  their inquiries and resumes to dawn in the calgary office . dawn can be  reached at ( 403 ) 974 - 6724 , the fax number is ( 403 ) 974 - 6985 or by e - mail at  dawn . doucet @ enron . com .  london  elizabeth barrett , director of european program . she can be reached at + 44  20 7783 7701 .  sophie kingsley . responsible for day to day management of the european  program , both pre / post hire , including associate and analyst rotations and  international transfers . sophie can be reached at + 44 20 7783 7975 or by  e - mail at skingsley @ enron . com .  india  ranen sengupta and dick liebert . responsible for associate and analyst  recruiting and rotations . candidates interested in either the associate or  analyst programs can forward their inquiries and resumes to ranen sengupta or  dick liebert . ranen can be reached at ext . 6 - 7967 and his e - mail is  ranen . sengupta @ enron . com . dick leibert  , s extension is 6 - 7145 and his e - mail  is dick . liebert @ enron . com .
HAM Subject: fw :  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : koenig , mark  sent : tue 9 / 11 / 2001 7 : 59 pm  to : kean , steven j .  cc : palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; whalley , greg ; rieker , paula  subject : re :  steve - i would prefer a simple release stating we are " open for business " tomorrow . the " appeal for calm " infers a crisis . mek  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kean , steven j .  sent : tue 9 / 11 / 2001 7 : 19 pm  to : denne , karen ; koenig , mark ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; kean , steven j .  cc : whalley , greg ; derrick jr . , james  subject :  see draft release for first thing in the am .  enron appeals for calm in us natural gas and power markets  enron appealed today for calm in us natural gas and power markets . enron will be available to buy and sell natural gas and power both over the phone and through its online platform enrononline .  " we see no reason for gas and power markets to panic in the aftermath of yesterday ' s tragedies , " said greg whalley , president and chief operating officer . " these are domestic commodities and the physical infrastructure is secure and operating . "  enrononline will be open for gas and power transactions from 7 : 00 am to 12 : 00 noon , cdt to enable market participants to make purchases and sales and adjust their positions as necessary .  [ boilerplate ]
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ;  start date : 1 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010215 . txt
HAM Subject: fw : confirmation  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lohman , tk  sent : thursday , march 14 , 2002 8 : 53 am  to : schoolcraft , darrell ; moore , jan ; moseley , debbie ; ward , linda ; mulligan , amy ; strohmeyer , vincent  cc : watson , kimberly  subject : confirmation
HAM Subject: vitro project  louise :  attached is the information we discusssed regarding the vitro project . talk to you this morning .  best regards - max
HAM Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure  start date : 1 / 22 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012202 . txt  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
HAM Subject: cannon interest may 2000 purchase  reminder . . . this payment is due tomorrow .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kenny j soignet / hou / ect on 05 / 19 / 2000  10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kenny j  soignet  05 / 01 / 2000 11 : 02 am  to : lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect , daren j  farmer / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect ,  rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , george grant / hou / ect @ ect , aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect ,  cassandra moses / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : cannon interest may 2000 purchase  the storage book book will purchase 788 , 354 mmbtu ' s from cannon interest on  may 1 , 2000 @ $ 3 . 08 .  daren - please enter texas purchase from cannon interest and a texas sale to  the storage book in the sitara .  george and aimee - please coordinate with daren so your entries are entered  on the same day .  mary - the contract agreement , i assume , is already in place .  lisa , rita , & stephanie - please be sure the payment of $ 2 , 428 , 130 . 32 is  wired to cannon interest @ the corrected aba on may 20 th .  if i missed anyone who needs this information , please forward it .  thanks ,  kenny
HAM Subject: abb and texmex  louise ,  it is possible that abb will raise the subject of our option with them for the construction of the hvdc tie while in our meeting tomorrow .  as you know , we paid a considerable sum in the past for this option , which effectively expires at the end of november .  under current market conditions , i think it will be possible to pay a much lower sum - and in fact , i think we can apply this sum against the abb contracted project cost in the event we proceed .  no decisions are needed on this tomorrow , and it might not even come up - but clearly , we ' ve kept these guys hanging on the line for some time now and i expect that realistically we will not be in a position to give them a notice to proceed until middle of next year , given contracting and presidential permit issues .  dave
HAM Subject: open enrollment 2001 deadline  this message is intended for us employees eligible for enron ' s domestic  health & group benefit plans .  please click on the link for details regarding open enrollment 2001 .  
HAM Subject: enpwer and eol data for 10 / 10 / 01  eol deals from : 10 / 1 / 2001 to : 10 / 10 / 2001 enpower from : 10 / 1 / 2001 to : 10 / 10 / 2001  desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh  epmi long term california 252 4 , 836 , 400 epmi long term california 41 2 , 041 , 375  epmi long term northwest 140 2 , 103 , 000 epmi long term northwest 170 6 , 195 , 037  epmi long term southwest 235 4 , 083 , 786 epmi long term southwest 162 9 , 826 , 405  epmi short term california 1 , 270 2 , 061 , 637 epmi short term california 494 1 , 526 , 993  epmi short term northwest 648 597 , 900 epmi short term northwest 299 528 , 566  epmi short term southwest 876 1 , 460 , 474 epmi short term southwest 422 2 , 179 , 937  real time 585 15 , 050 real time 290 26 , 932  grand total 4 , 006 15 , 158 , 247 grand total 1 , 878 22 , 325 , 245  eol deals from : 10 / 10 / 2001 to : 10 / 10 / 2001 enpower from : 10 / 10 / 2001 to : 10 / 10 / 2001  desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh  epmi long term california 42 1 , 023 , 600 epmi long term california 6 174 , 000  epmi long term northwest 19 431 , 200 epmi long term northwest 42 1 , 119 , 262  epmi long term southwest 61 896 , 375 epmi long term southwest 17 870 , 270  epmi short term california 178 523 , 795 epmi short term california 57 155 , 379  epmi short term northwest 75 85 , 800 epmi short term northwest 36 68 , 866  epmi short term southwest 139 310 , 175 epmi short term southwest 75 374 , 400  real time 49 1 , 225 real time 29 2 , 578  262 2 , 764 , 755  grand total 563 3 , 272 , 170 grand total  eol deals from : 10 / 10 / 2001 to : 10 / 10 / 2001  ees total deals total mwh  daily 9 1 , 800  month - to - date 41 9 , 400  ice volumes from : 10 / 10 / 2001 to : 10 / 10 / 2001  delivery point total mwh epmi mwh price  mid c ( op , next day ) 400 0 $ 17 . 88  mid c ( p , next day ) 800 400 $ 21 . 43  mid c ( p , bal month ) 6 , 800 0 $ 23 . 50  mid c ( p , nov - 01 ) 30 , 000 30 , 000 $ 28 . 13  mid c ( p , dec - 01 ) 30 , 000 0 $ 35 . 58  np - 15 ( p , next day ) 2 , 400 0 $ 23 . 82  np - 15 ( op , next day ) 1 , 600 600 $ 18 . 05  np - 15 ( p , bal month ) 40 , 800 13 , 600 $ 26 . 82  np - 15 ( op , bal month ) 15 , 675 0 $ 21 . 10  np - 15 ( op , nov - 01 ) 16 , 000 16 , 000 $ 23 . 50  np - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 40 , 000 0 $ 28 . 49  np - 15 ( op , dec - 01 ) 8 , 600 8 , 600 $ 27 . 25  np - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 20 , 000 0 $ 34 . 75  np - 15 ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 33 . 70  np - 15 ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 47 . 00  np - 15 ( p , q 4 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 37 . 00  np - 15 ( p , cal 02 ) 122 , 800 0 $ 37 . 30  palo ( p , next day ) 11 , 200 800 $ 24 . 59  palo ( op , next day ) 600 200 $ 13 . 50  palo ( p , bal month ) 115 , 600 20 , 400 $ 26 . 39  palo ( p , nov - 01 ) 110 , 000 10 , 000 $ 26 . 55  palo ( p , dec - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 30 . 50  palo ( p , jan - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 30 . 75  palo ( p , feb - 02 ) 19 , 200 0 $ 29 . 55  palo ( p , mar - 02 ) 41 , 600 0 $ 29 . 31  palo ( p , ql 02 ) 121 , 600 60 , 800 $ 29 . 90  palo ( p , jun - 02 ) 20 , 000 0 $ 41 . 88  palo ( p , q 2 02 ) 30 , 800 30 , 800 $ 34 . 80  palo ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 51 . 50  sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 1 , 000 200 $ 14 . 94  sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 4 , 000 0 $ 24 . 34  sp - 15 ( op , bal month ) 15 , 675 15 , 675 $ 18 . 92  sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 95 , 200 34 , 000 $ 26 . 19  sp - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 70 , 000 0 $ 27 . 56  sp - 15 ( op , nov - 01 ) 16 , 000 16 , 000 $ 19 . 63  sp - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 31 . 75  sp - 15 ( op , dec - 01 ) 8 , 600 0 $ 23 . 50  sp - 15 ( p , ql 02 ) 60 , 800 30 , 400 $ 32 . 15  sp - 15 ( p , q 4 02 ) 31 , 600 0 $ 36 . 00  sp - 15 ( p , cal 02 ) 122 , 800 0 $ 37 . 00  grand total 1 , 385 , 350 288 , 475 $ 1 , 146 . 50
HAM Subject: doorstep database  please click on the following doclink to be added to your notes workspace :
HAM Subject: times 2 filing units  pat :  recently , i talked with you about ordering another filing unit . it turns out that we need 2 more filing units . please order them the same size as the floor to ceiling cabinet we have . have the inside of the cabinets configured as follows :  1 cabinet should have 5 shelves  1 cabinet should have 6 shelves  when interstore was here today reconfiguing 2 of our existing cabinets , they removed 8 shelves that they are going to use on these new units .  please price these 2 new units and charge them to co . # 0413 , rc # 107043 . please let me the prices and approximate delivery date . also , let me know if you need anything else . thanks . anita
HAM Subject: re : resume - liz bellamy  who all would you like to have liz interview with ?  daren j farmer @ ect  06 / 20 / 2000 03 : 08 pm  to : toni graham / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : resume - liz bellamy  i would be interested in talking to liz . please set up an interview for me  one afternoon during the next couple of weeks . thanks .  d
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ;  start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012512 . txt
HAM Subject: re : invitation to speak at power 2000  emma ,  it ' s your choice . i can chair the session of day 2 or speak on one of these  topics .  please , let me know what works for you .  possible presentations :  evaluating the effectiveness of insurance as a risk management tool  or  applying real option theory to value power plants  or  overcoming the difficulties of accurately estimating volatility  vince  " emma wolfin " on 12 / 14 / 99 04 : 08 : 03 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : invitation to speak at power 2000  hi vince  it is my great pleasure to invite you to speak at power 2000 which will be  in houston on 9 & 10 may 2000 .  would you be interested in chairing one of the streams on day 2 of the  conference ? or making a full presentation on one of the days ? please let me  know which talks interest you . obviously , some of the talks are no longer  available but i would like to give you a choice as much as possible . please  could you get back to me asap on 212 925 1864 ext 151 or by return email .  i very much hope you can make the dates as i ' m very keen to have you  participate at power . not to flatter you unnecessarily , but i know that a  lot of people come to our conferences to hear what you have to say .  best regards  emma  - invite . doc
HAM Subject: fyi  due to the out of town deliveries , our cost for christmas  baskets will be over somewhat from the total estimated .  thanks  kevin moore
HAM Subject: eprm article  hi vince ,  ?  i ' m sorry you weren ' t around in sydney this week . you missed a very good  book launch party that john martin organised here for us . paul made a short  speech in which he relayed some great comments which he said came from ? you -  thanks very much !  ?  please find attached the next eprm article . its not really tided up fully  from our end yet , but i wanted to send it off before the weekend in case you  got chance to look at it . because of the easter break robin is after it by  thursday of next week .  ?  best regards .  ?  chris .  ?  - eprm _ 10 _ fwd _ curve _ simulation . doc
HAM Subject: financial news , online technology fails to see off established  markets  please find the above article attached
HAM Subject: re : fw : stanford or - summer intern  this guy has basic quant skills , etc . but at ebs we would need interns  possible from mba schools , not phd . i think he is a summer intern fit for  enron research and we can loop him into ebs research as we need help ( which  is likely ) .  ravi .  vince j kaminski @ ect  02 / 29 / 00 08 : 23 am  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : fw : stanford or - summer intern  stinson ,  should we get him as well ?  it seems he has the right skills .  we might have maxed out on the  number of summer interns through  the a / a program . we would have to  hire him directly .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 29 / 2000  08 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " shikhar ranjan " on 02 / 28 / 2000 02 : 31 : 39 pm  to : ravi _ thuraisingham @ enron . net  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : fw : stanford or - summer intern  hi ravi :  i had sent an email about a week back with my resume for the summer  internship . i think the address i sent it to was not correct , so i am  resending it . i will also tell the others in the group to send there resumes  to you . thanks .  regards ,  shikhar  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shikhar ranjan  phd student  management science & engineering  stanford university ca  ( 650 ) 497 5762  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : shikhar ranjan  to :  cc :  sent : sunday , february 20 , 2000 5 : 24 pm  subject : stanford or - summer interns  > hi ravi :  >  > please find attached my resume for the summer internship program . i  > apologize for the delay . we actually lost your contact info . please let me  > know if you will need any additional information and / or a cover letter  > besides the resume and i can send it right away .  >  > thanks  >  > regards ,  > shikhar  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > shikhar ranjan  > phd student  > management science & engineering  > stanford university ca  > ( 650 ) 497 5762  >  - resumeo 0 - ene . doc
HAM Subject: rovar , sharpe ratio , and risk - return graphs are now on the  executive reports viewer  the rovar , sharpe ratio , and risk - return graphs we began publishing last  week are now on the web - based executive reports viewer , along with the var  limit usage graphs .  regards ,  eugenio
HAM Subject: re : support on statistical modeling  randall ,  the person supporting ebs in the research group is martin lin .  i shall ask him to give you a call and will be glad to join you at the meeting  with martin .  vince  from : randall hicks @ enron communications on 04 / 04 / 2001 10 : 42 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : bradford brooks / enron communications @ enron communications , shirley  crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , daryl flaming / enron communications @ enron  communications , martin sacchi / enron communications @ enron communications  subject : support on statistical modeling  dear vince :  i was referred by rita hartfield of ebs . i am the director of marketing for  the digital content services team ( david cox , frank bay , et . al . ) . we are  identifying and evaluating features and functions that will be a part of the  next generation entertainment on demand ( eod ) product .  the e - mail i ' ve excerpted below contains two links to a company that offers a  " preferencing " service that we know is quite popular and important to  entertainment consumers . i have some questions abouts the statistics ,  sampling methodology , explained variance etc . of the model that the  stylelogic group employs .  do you have a member of your team that could assist on this project ?  thanks for your help ,  randall hicks  director - marketing  enron broadband services  1400 smith street - eb 4589 a  houston , tx 77002  work - 713 . 853 . 9970  randall _ hicks @ enron . net  -  brad ,  i would appreciate a chance to talk with you regarding enron ' s vod plans . we  have developed movie selection and recommendation / prediction functionality  that we can manage for ebs .  if you would like to read about what we have to offer , you may go to :  http : / / www . stylelogic . com / predict  i also invite you to see our functionality at : http : / / www . reviewmovies . com /  i look forward to a chance to speak with you at your earliest convenience .  brent rosenkranz  president  stylelogic - internet strategies and solutions  101 n . acacia avenue  solana beach , ca 92075  phone - 858 - 350 - 3939  toll free - 888 - 750 - 4678  fax - 858 - 350 - 3930  www . stylelogic . com  brent @ stylelogic . com
HAM Subject: new book  please create the following books to be used in sitara and tagg . let me know  if i forgot any information .  dave
HAM Subject: desk summary report  the cpr report named desk summary is currently being reviewed for an  upgrade . i have been told that this report is used during bidweek to check  positions on a particular pipe ( for a particular zone ) . if you do not need  additional data , this report could very easily be added to the report  selection in the sitara reporting application . if anyone would like to see  more detailed information on the report , please let me know . there may be a  report that is already in production that they can access .  please let me know if the format currently in cpr is sufficient as soon as  possible .  chao !
HAM Subject: tenaska iv pricing  i think we need to remove some of the demand charges that have been set up  for williams and apache . on williams deal 384237 , the demand charge needs to  be removed from sept . 2000 . the demand charge should not have started until  october 2000 . because we did not know at the time what was happening with  this deal , the demand fee was inadvertently paid to williams for sept . and we  need to recoup our money . on apache deal 384247 , james thinks we need to  remove the demand charge completely . he says it is not a part of the deal  and apache is not billing us for it . we also need to talk about the pricing  on both of these deals . williams and apache are billing us less than what we  have in sitara . to be able to keep this desk at zero , jim pond does not want  me to use pay the lesser of for the purchases , so we need to address the  price differences . you said you had some contract briefs that supported our  prices . please fax a copy to me at 713 - 646 - 8420 and i will compare them to  what james has .  just a heads up . . . we are beginning to work on november 2000 , so we will need  a demand fee entered ( hopefully next week ) . i will email you the spreadsheet  after we have received all of the cash and are ready to pay tenaska iv .  thanks ,  megan
HAM Subject: revised flash london summary 03 jan . 2001  revision of 5 day rolling figures due to year end macro recalculation error  in previous flash . all other p / l numbers are correct and unchanged .
HAM Subject: storage  i updated the storage ticket for feb and created an injection ticket , sitara  # 159640 .  let me know if you have any questions .  dave
HAM Subject: merlin  louise ,  as a result of the merlin buy back several loans will be reflected on ena ' s balance sheet in may . please confirm that all of the ena deals will fall under dick lydecker ' s responsibility including the east coast power loan previously managed by the generation team .  ena  bonus resources $ 11 , 250 , 000  city forest sr $ 19 , 610 , 000  east coast power $ 30 , 000 , 000  hv marine sub $ 23 , 542 , 485  egm  american coal $ 35 , 000 , 000  cline dakota $ 5 , 798 , 759  cline panther $ 10 , 044 , 965  eim  oconto falls $ 5 , 000 , 000  please note that these values represent outstanding principal balances only and do not include interest receivables .
HAM Subject: risk management . . .  please find attached the following article / s :  ' who dares wins ' - investors chronicle  kind regards ,  kuldeep chana
HAM Subject: fw : power gtc  louise ,  carl and i have done a quick once - over on leslie ' s gtc . i think the format she has chosen is doable , but i need clarification from her on some points .  it is possible that the market might accept an amended eei more quickly than they would accept our simple gtc - i don ' t know .  it is interesting to note that the eei amendments in leslie ' s gtc are 5 pages long ( excluding the elections sheets ) . our original gtc was 8 pages long .  dave  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : hansen , leslie  sent : thursday , january 10 , 2002 1 : 57 pm  to : kitchen , louise  cc : taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; cook , mary ; sager , elizabeth ; st . clair , carol ; nettelton , marcus ; portz , david ; forster , david  subject : power gtc  louise :  attached please find the gtcs for power ( with and without credit ) . please note that we are actually using the eei master agreement as the on - line contract , as opposed to the traditional gtcs . we were actually in the process of making this transition on eol this fall , and kevin presto and tim belden have endorsed netco ' s use of the eei on - line .  please let me know if you have any questions or comments .  leslie
HAM Subject: caiso list of market abusers  attached is a list of parties the cal iso has identified in an earlier report that had " overcharged " the market from may - nov 2000 ( the filing was mistakenly put into the ferc docket room ) .  ees is listed as party b 8 with $ 27 . 9 mm as excessive rents .  the biggest overcharger was bc powerex with $ 176 . 2 mm .  we are still analyzing the implications of this list and will get out any other information .  jim  - - - - - forwarded by james d steffes / na / enron on 03 / 27 / 2001 12 : 18 pm - - - - -  " nancy pickover " 03 / 27 / 2001 11 : 29 am to : , , , , , cc : subject : caiso supplemental filing  attached is a fax i received of a filing the iso made yesterday afternoon to supplement its comments in docket no . elo 0 - 95 - 012 regarding market monitoring and mitigation . the filing links the names of the suppliers and importers discussed in dr . sheffrin ' s analysis to the code numbers used in yesterday ' s filing . the iso had requested confidential treatment . the fax is in tiff format and you can disregard the first page as it is a cover sheet to me . please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else .  nancy  date : tue , 27 mar 2001 08 : 28 : 52 - 0600  from : fax  to :  subject : fax from ' 2028981182 ' ( 4 pages )  mime - version : 1 . 0  content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary = " = _ 5 do 6 aaol . 00610505 "  time : 3 / 26 / 01 6 : 52 : 11 pm  received from remote id : 2028981182  inbound user id pickn , routing code 100  result : ( 0 / 352 ; 0 / 0 ) successful send  page record : 1 - 4  elapsed time : 01 : 20 on channel 4  - mo 005820 . tif
HAM Subject: re : no java ?  you are cracking me up . basically you are the only thing keeping me awake today . .
HAM Subject: re : wti crude price and ny harbor resid prices vs henry hub and new  york city gate gas by month  michael .  thanks a lot for a very quick response . it looks fine .  please , forward it to margaret carson . please , explain the data source . she  may expect nymex as the data source for natgas and wti .  vince  michael sergeev  04 / 11 / 2000 09 : 41 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : wti crude price and ny harbor resid prices vs henry hub and new  york city gate gas by month  vince , here ' s the numbers and two charts . the charts represent the same  information but have different styles . one has all of the prices on the same  scale , and the other has crude and resid on one scale and natural gas on  another .  ms
HAM Subject: re : ercs - you are wrong , they are not just developer ercs  i ' m not close enough right now to the discussion . there is a mtg / conf call scheduled for tomorrow to go into details on these ercs and determine how we spin them to the bank . barclays will be back tomorrow on whether they can proceed with rolling the existing so 2 credits and at what price . i will call when i can . on call with s & p now .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net )
HAM Subject: re : download basis differential for tw ( rms _ basis table )  gary ,  changes related to tw basis differential for tw deal analysis is completed .  michelle lokay has reviewed the new index price using the new tables and  logic .  the migration does not impact other applications . please approve it and  forward  it to margaret waters mail box .  margaret ,  per your instruction , these are things we need for this migration .  1 . delete view rms _ basis _ nymex _ view on etsmoe . gpgrms and etshouspo 9 . gpgrms  2 . create new view view rms _ basis _ nymex _ partial _ view on etsmoe . gpgrms and  etshouspo 9 . gpgrms  3 . modify the ashwin job : dba mojo misc : twprodol . rms _ basis _ load to pull  from the new view  4 . migrate stored procedures  mchen . up _ twda _ create _ path  mchen . up _ twda _ deal _ analysis  in etstest / twprodol to dbo in etstest / twprodol , etsmo / twprodol , and  mojo / twprodol .  grant exec to developers in etstest .  grant exec to twdp in etsmo and mojo .  thanks ,  mei - ling  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by meiling chen / et & s / enron on 12 / 04 / 2000  02 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  margaret waters  11 / 29 / 2000 10 : 23 am  to : mei - ling chen / et & s / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : download basis differential for tw ( rms _ basis table )  mei - ling ,  i put the index table on etstest . twprodol , etsmo . twprodol , and mojo . twprodol  and i have added a job to refresh the new table in production . in  development ( etshousdl 1 . gpgrms ) i have dropped the view rms _ basis _ nymex _ view  and created a new view rms _ basis _ nymex _ partial _ view . i have also loaded the  data to etstest . twprodol . after you have tested and when you request the  migration , please request the deletion of the view rms _ basis _ nymex _ view on  etsmoe . gpgrms and etshouspo 9 . gpgrms and the creation of the new view in these  two environments . also request the modification of the ashwin job : dba mojo  misc : twprodol . rms _ basis _ load to pull from the new view .  please send the request directly to my mail box , i will complete and send to  the ets dba mailbox as completed .  margaret  meiling chen  11 / 21 / 2000 04 : 57 pm  to : margaret waters / et & s / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : download basis differential for tw ( rms _ basis table )  yes , i need the same logic for " nymex " like the attached query . for nymex ,  and the four new tw index ,  i only need the most current data for the application .  thanks ,  mei - ling  margaret waters  11 / 21 / 2000 03 : 04 pm  to : mei - ling chen / et & s / enron @ enron  cc : kenagy garyenagy / ots / enron @ enron , kim kouri / et & s / enron @ enron  subject : re : download basis differential for tw ( rms _ basis table )  meiling ,  do you want the same logic you have in the attached query for the " nymex "  also or like the current nymex selection do you want everything and you  filter the most current ?  also for the future , creation of new tables require a database change form .  thanks ,  margaret  meiling chen  11 / 14 / 2000 05 : 58 pm  to : margaret waters / et & s / enron @ enron  cc : kenagy garyenagy / ots / enron @ enron , kim kouri / et & s / enron @ enron  subject : download basis differential for tw ( rms _ basis table )  margaret ,  the basis differential for tw is available in rms database now , i like to  request a nightly download  from rms database to twprodol database in etstest / etsmo / mojo .  you set up nymex price dowload to rms _ basis for me ealier .  since there are more than one type of index coming in this time , i think we  also need rms _ index in  sybase side .  attached is the sample sql from ray volpone .  thanks ,  mei - ling
HAM Subject: re : maureen raymond - castaneda extension  norma  fyi  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 22 / 2000  09 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : robert knight on 03 / 08 / 2000 04 : 09 pm  to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : maureen raymond - castaneda extension  maureen ,  i apologize that your phone was disconnected in error . at this time your  phone is working and your voice mail box needs to be set up . i would like to  add however , i do not appreciate your disrespect and unreasonable demands  placed on my employees . they were not the cause of this problem and can only  relay your information to the appropriate group .  enron has values of respect , integrity , communication and excellence . i  would appreciate you taking the time to review them .  robert knight  director voice communications  stella l ely  03 / 08 / 2000 11 : 08 am  to : move - team / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , telephone mods / corp / enron @ enron , dolores  sustaita / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , robert knight / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : maureen raymond - castaneda extension  please reinstate maureen ' s extension immediately , if possible . it was  disconnected this past weekend when we had it taken off of the phone at eb  3073 f . her extension was on two phones at two different locations and should  not have been disconnected at eb 1939 . her extension no . is 30396 . sorry  for the confusion . please let me know timing asap .  thank you .  stella ely
HAM Subject: hey guys , i would like to get with you to discuss our hedge policies . i am concerned about the recent accounting around the wind hedge ( and not necessarlily the outcome in this particular case ! ) . if the outcome had been reversed ( ie . a loss on the hedges existed ) we would have had no choice but to book it . the issue is that nobody commmunicated or documented the designation of these positions as hedges of the " wind " ppa . it occurs to me that we do not have any process that requires coodination when you set up an accrual book . as you know the designation criteria are rigid for acctg purposes . if we miss it , we can ' t cure it and the acctg would be mtm for the life of the contracts . i will set a metting to discuss .  wes
HAM Subject: fw : cell phones  here ' s the latest scoop on the cell phone situation . please let me know whether or not you are interested in changing your cell phones to a personal account . i am going to cingular in a little while to pick up the forms to transfer liability , as well as information regarding the rate plans .  thanks ,  laura  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : alysia . autry @ cingular . com [ mailto : alysia . autry @ cingular . com ]  sent : monday , december 03 , 2001 5 : 56 pm  to : vuittonet , laura  subject : re : cell phones  the latest is that if they want to keep their phones , they need to fill out a contract changing the liability to them .  we will have some in our office tomorrow around 1 ( ran out today ) and they can also pick one up at a cingular store . just make sure that they mail them back to me .  my home address is : 4501 shetland houston 77027  as for the cancellation of the corporate phones , that is not scheduled to take place yet , and may not right away .  if they just want to do a rate plan change , then they can do it via email ( have them email me ) or they can indicate it on their contract that they fill out to change liability .  the main thing to do is to fill out the contract to change liability , which also obligates them for one year .  as for the balances accrued up to date , they are not responsible for those . enron is .  good luck to you . i hope you get my email and i hope i get to see you again .  and , yes , i will be getting all new accounts now !  alysia autry  cingular wireless  major account executive for enron  713 345 - 7183 office  713 410 - 0010 cell  713 963 - 0324 fax  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vuittonet , laura [ mailto : laura . vuittonet @ enron . com ]  sent : monday , december 03 , 2001 1 : 05 pm  to : autry , alysia  subject : re : cell phones  hi ! any word yet about the cell phones ? i ' m getting nervous , as are a lot of others , i ' m sure . some people in my group are really wanting to keep their phones , and they are asking me questions that i don ' t know the answers to . . . like what kinds of rate changes there will be , as well as to what point will the liability be theirs , and how far back will they have to pay to get the invoices current , if enron has not done so already .  how are you affected by this ? will cingular find another business that you will work out of ? just curious .  laura  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : alysia . autry @ cingular . com [ mailto : alysia . autry @ cingular . com ]  sent : wednesday , november 28 , 2001 3 : 09 pm  to : vuittonet , laura  cc : raymond . aguirre @ cingular . com ; chris . samaniego @ cingular . com ; rhonda . hall @ cingular . com ; karen . byers @ cingular . com  subject : re : cell phones  you are so sweet ! yes , we can transfer liability from enron into you , personally .  we are trying to work out all the details right now and will have more answers in the coming days .  for now , just hold tight .  take care ,  alysia autry  cingular wireless  major account executive for enron  713 345 - 7183 office  713 410 - 0010 cell  713 963 - 0324 fax  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vuittonet , laura [ ]  sent : wednesday , november 28 , 2001 2 : 10 pm  to : autry , alysia  subject : cell phones  hi alysia !  just wondering what will happen to our cell phones and cell phone  accounts ? ? can we transfer liability ? i ' d like to keep my phone  number , and so will people who work in my group .  please let me know as soon as possible . . . i ' m sure you ' re swamped with  calls and emails . if i don ' t see you again , please know that i hope you  have a wonderful holiday . that ' s coming from me and robert ! !  thanks ,  laura vuittonet  713 - 853 - 1994 office  713 - 515 - 6921 cell  lvuittonet @ houston . rr . com  this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
HAM Subject: re : enron case study update  fantastic . i look forward to receiving them . also , will you be keeping dec .  5 th open , in case there is a need for you to meet with additional executives ?  regards , cindy  " john d . martin "  11 / 06 / 2000 09 : 54 pm  to : cindy . derecskey @ enron . com  cc : vkamins @ enron . com  subject : re : enron case study update  wow ! all on the same day . that ' s super . thank you so very much . vince  is coming up to baylor on monday of next week and we will hash out our  question list then .  thanks  john  at 04 : 54 pm 11 / 6 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  > good afternoon john ,  >  > i just want to drop you a line to update you re : andy fastow . i have  > confirmed a one hour interview slot with mr . fastow in monday , december 4 th  > from  > 11 : 00 a . m . - noon . this is in addition to your schedule interviews with  > mr . lay and mr . skilling - outline below .  >  > if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me at  > 713 - 853 - 5670 .  >  > regards ,  >  > cindy  >  >  > - - - - - forwarded by cindy derecskey / corp / enron on 11 / 06 / 2000 04 : 49 pm - - - - -  >  > cindy  > derecskey to : " john martin "  > cc : vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect  > 10 / 31 / 2000 subject : re : enron case  study ( document link : cindy derecskey )  > 01 : 44 pm  >  >  >  >  >  > good afternoon john ,  >  > i hope things are well with you . i am writing to update you on the status  > of your meetings with andy fastow , ken lay and jeff skilling . i have  > arranged the following meeting dates and times with ken lay and jeff  > skilling , ( i am still trying to work with andy fastow ' s schedule ) :  >  > jeff skilling  > december 4 th  > 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 p . m .  >  > ken lay  > december 4 th  > 3 : 30 - 4 : 30 p . m .  >  > also , i will attempt to schedule the meeting with andy fastow for december  > 4 th for convenience - this will also allow us to possibly schedule  > additional meetings for the 5 th ( as needed ) . i will let you know as soon  > as i ' m successful .  >  > regards ,  >  > cindy derecskey  > university affairs  > enron corp .  >  >  >  >  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html
HAM Subject: fw : thursday , jan 3 rd conference call  circus maximus  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : zelin , steven [ mailto : zelin @ blackstone . com ]  sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 2 : 56 pm  to : ' albertazzi . cinzia @ enel . it ' ; nathoo , raffiq ; muller , mark s .  cc : hoffman , michael  subject : thursday , jan 3 rd conference call  importance : high  below are the details for tomorrow ' s call :  date : thursday , jan 3 rd  time : 9 am est ( 8 am cst and 3 pm in italy )  dial in # international : 954 - 797 - 1944  dial in # domestic : 877 - 475 - 9228 ( toll free )  steve zelin ' s host code : 925131  participant code : 769188  estimated duration of call : 2 hours  if you have any questions , please call norma moriarity at  212 - 583 - 5754 .  thank you .
HAM Subject: fw : cash hayslett , rod ; gunther , dave ; selzer , howard ; lindsey , mark e . ; beck , sally ; stubblefield , wade ; lindsey , mark e . ; perkins , mary ; marlow , keith ; saunders , james ; harris , kim ; myers , thomas ; castleman , kent ; sommers , jeffrey e . ; geaccone , tracy ; davis , rachel a . ; labaume , wanda ; roper , kerry ; nelson , kimberley ; west , terry ; garcia , paul ; bowen , todd ; delainey , david w . ; dietrich , janet ; fallon , jim ; horton , stanley ; hughes , james a . ; kitchen , louise ; lavorato , john ; mcconnell , mike ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; whalley , greg ; myer , karen ; valdez , christina ; hinojosa , esmeralda ; oxley , david  cc : tijerina , shirley ; myer , karen ; campos , kathy ; reyes , sonnia ; valdez , christina ; schiller , marsha ; chapman , kay ; marshall , lucy ; stark , cindy ; blackwood , connie ; schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly ; brooks , loretta ; phillips , cathy ; burns , jennifer ; taylor , liz ; deville , mike ; clyatt , julie  subject : cash & reorg financial reporting  re : chapter 11 reorganization  financial reporting requirements  many people have questions regarding how enron will be operating under chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings . this memo addresses the financial reporting requirements enron will have to its various constituents .  during the reorganization , the company will continue its gaap reporting , with a breakout of pre and post petition liabilities , as well as historical management / operational reporting , consistent with past practices .  in addition , the company will have an added responsibility to report cash flows to the bankruptcy court and its various constituents . specifically , enron will be required to report projected cash receipts and cash disbursements by business unit on a weekly basis . the court and our new debtor - in - possession ( " dip " ) lenders require a rolling 13 week projection of cash flows plus monthly projections thereafter to obtain a full year of projected cash flows . the budgeted weekly projections will then be compared to actual results to determine how well each business unit is operating compared to the projections . the weekly and monthly forecasts will be adjusted each week pursuant to revised or improved information on forecasted cash flows . thus this process will be an ongoing one , with constant updating of information to ensure we generate the most accurate reports possible .  the initial weekly and monthly projections will be critical to the determination of the amount that the dip lenders will be willing to make available to the company . in addition , the cash flows for the entities that are included in the bankruptcy proceedings will be utilized by the bankruptcy court and dip lenders to constantly review and react to the cash flow situation at enron . however , all enron business units ( not just ones in bankruptcy ) will need to conform to these new requirements , because additional entities are likely to be included in the bankruptcy filing and because it is extremely important for enron management to be able to see the totality of cash flow requirements for the entire company .  the weekly cash flow projection project will be overseen by mike deville ( x 57852 ) and greg adams ( x 33887 ) . in addition , enron has retained batchelder & partners , inc . , a financial advisory firm , to assist us in this and other reorganization efforts .  we will be having a group meeting with the cao ' s and / or their designees from the various business units responsible for the cash projections on wednesday , december 5 at 2 : 00 pm in the boardroom on the 50 th floor to further explain this process and answer any questions you may have . we will then be meeting on an individual basis with the business units to discuss specific business unit requirements .  attached is a template of the financial statement projection format that will be required . please review this template in advance of the wednesday meeting to determine any questions you have on the reporting format . obviously the requirements may change , which will require us to reformat and / or obtain additional information on short notification .  thank you in advance for your cooperation . we look forward to your attendance on wednesday .
HAM Subject: directions to enron hangar  directions to enron corp . aviation  from downtown :  take i - 45 north to i - 10 east . the 3 rd exit is hardy toll road ( you will see  irvington blvd . , hardy road , then hardy toll road ) . continue on toll road  until you come to forst booth ( pay $ 1 . 00 ) . continue on toll road until the  next exit which is rankin road . exit rankin ( there will be another toll  booth ( pay . 25 cents ) . take a right on rankin and continue to the next light  which is aldine westfield . cross through this light ( police academy will be  on the left - hand side of road ) , and continue on rankin until you can take  your first left which is chanute road . ( you will see a large hangar that has  allied signal garrett aviation written on it - - this is chanute road . ) turn  left on chanute and continue on this road until you come to the last group of  buildings . take a right down drive and go all the way to the end . you will  dead end into our fence . on a post on the right - hand side of the fence are  the numbers 17630 - - that is our address . there is a black phone on the  left . you need to pick up this phone to be admitted .  i - 45 going south or north :  continue on i - 45 until you come to kuykendahl / rankin road exit . take left  under freeway if you are going south on i - 45 and continue on rankin road .  take a right off of freeway if you are going north on i - 45 and at the light ,  take a rignt on rankin road . . . ( main lights you will come to are at hardy  road , the hardy toll road and aldine - westfield ) . cross through light at  aldine - westfield and take first left to chanute road . follow above  instructions from there . . .  from hwy 59 going south or north :  hwy 59 to greens road exit . proceed on greens road until you come to a light  at jfk blvd . go through this light and take a right at the next light which  is rankin road . continue on rankin until you can see the back side of the  allied signal garrett aviation hangar . turn right at this hangar - - this is  chanute road . go to last group of buildings and turn right down that drive .  go to end . above fence on right - hand side are the numbers 17630 . this is  our address . pick up phone on left to be admitted .
HAM Subject: fw : capacity south of ignacio  michelle was asking me about this capacity today , so i thought i ' d resend this info . we have 33 , 000 / d of unsubscribed capacity on the ignacio to blanco line from la maquina to either ep / blanco or to i / b link . the customers scheduling volumes from la maquina in the last 6 months are : vastar , brt , wesco , texaco , amoco , southern company lokay , michelle ; lohman , tk ; fawcett , jeffery ; hyatt , kevin  cc : harris , steven  subject : fw : capacity south of ignacio  per perry ' s message below , we do have 33 , 000 / d we can subscribe south of la plata " a " to blanco . the only receipt point with available capacity to go with this transmission capacity is wfs / la maquina . shippers that have scheduled volumes at la maquina in the last 6 months are : vastar , brt , wesco , texaco , amoco , southern company matthews , ronald ; schoolcraft , darrell ; faucheaux , eric ; alters , dennis  subject : re : capacity south of ignacio  there was a burlington contract that i had in the tracker for 30 mmbtu / d from ignacio to the i / b link . i have taken this 30 mmcf / d out of my files . the line capacity south of la plata a has been in the 700 mmcf / d . recent discussions have lead to a new lateral capacity revision to 705 mmcf / d , but the ebb posting was still using 700 . i have made the correction to the spreadsheets and the ebb to reflect the new increase in capacity .  in addition , the new available capacity on the ebb for the rest of 2001 is now 33 mmcf / d , south of la plata to blanco hub . call me with any questions .  from : lindy donoho / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 09 / 2001 10 : 38 am  to : perry frazier / et & s / enron @ enron  cc : lorraine lindberg / enron @ enronxgate , ronald matthews / et & s / enron @ enron  subject : capacity south of ignacio  i would like to confirm the availability of 27 , 800 / d of transmission capacity south of the la plata " a " compressor . it has been my understanding that the capacity of the facilities is 500 , 000 / d through the la plata " a " compressor south to blanco and that the capacity of the facilities south of the la plata " a " compressor is an additional 200 , 000 / d south to blanco , for a total of 700 , 000 / d .  northwest pipeline holds 23 , 811 / d of southflow capacity through the la plata " a " compressor . that is all of their southflow capacity . so , tw has 476 , 000 / d of capacity from la plata " a " and the whole 200 , 000 / d of southflow capacity south of la plata " a " to sell .  i show that we have 476 , 000 / d subscribed through the la plata " a " compressor south . i show that we have 172 , 200 / d subscribed south of la plata " a " , leaving 27 , 800 / d unsubscribed south of la plata " a " . i understand that the capacity at the red cedar / arkansas loop receipt point is fully subscribed at 205 , 000 / d ( 12 , 500 / d southern utes , 125 , 000 red cedar , 13 , 500 / d texaco , 21 , 200 / d bp energy & 32 , 800 / d nwpl ) , but the capacity that ' s reserved for nwpl at this interconnect is related to nwpl ' s northflow transmission capacity , so it should not be included in the southflow totals .  therefore , i would like to confirm that there is 27 , 800 / d of southflow capacity south of la plata " a " that could be sold from a receipt point other than arkansas loop . basically , the transport would have to come from the wfs / la maquina receipt point and deliver to either i / b link or ep / blanco .  please let me know if you agree . ron , if you could assist , it would be greatly appreciated !
HAM Subject: fw : palo verde bottleneck - please read  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : symes , kate  sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 2 : 58 pm  to : williams iii , bill  subject : palo verde bottleneck - please read  importance : high  is this the only revision you ' d like to see ?  fyi -  roger called today to inform us of a bottleneck at palo verde . apparently , el paso cannot take more than 50 mw into their system at palo in any given hour ; therefore , we need to monitor el paso ' s net schedule to ensure that it does not exceed this . this poses some obstacles and opportunities related to the lending agreement . if el paso is taking a net of 50 mw in at pv , you ' ll need to procure energy at four corners or greenlee to fill the lending short , then enter a zero priced buy - resale to get the energy from an alternate delivery point to pv .  this is how it should take place -  day - ahead  buy from el paso at pv  sell to stsw at pv  hour - ahead  buy from counterparty such as pnm , srp , tnp , or aps at fc or greenlee  buy - resale from el paso from fc or greenlee to pv  please let me know if you have questions .  thanks ,  kate
HAM Subject: re : suncor inc . - extension of services arrangement  awesome !  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : milnthorp , rob  sent : wednesday , october 03 , 2001 9 : 02 am  to : lavorato , john  cc : le dain , eric  subject : fw : suncor inc . - extension of services arrangement  john , please see the attached . we are now 2 for 2 on extending our strategic alliances ( pcog keohane , peter  subject : suncor inc . - extension of services arrangement  rob ,  yesterday i finalized negotiations with suncor for the extension of the services agreement . suncor / sunoco management at the executive vp level have approved the term and general rates , and execution of a letter agreement on the extension is expected to be a formality . we will wait for execution of the agreement nevertheless prior to booking origination .  deal :  1 . term - 3 years - january 1 , 2002 through december 31 , 2004  2 . services - as per todays services to all parts of the suncor and sunoco business , including their retail initiative . with respect to the retail initiative , we will only provide services to the retail company for its volumes up to 230 mmcfd . we provide services today for their current sales of 130 mmcfd . above 230 mmcfd we negotiate an additional rate .  3 . price : yr 1 = $ 475 , 000 cdn ; yr 2 = $ 487 , 000 cdn ; yr 3 = $ 499 , 000 cdn  4 . suncor gets a $ 70 , 000 cdn discount to be applied against the remainder of this year ' s fees , for the three months october , november , december 2001 the total base fee is $ 187 , 500 cdn - this will be cut to $ 117 , 500 cdn .  4 . agreement - enron canada will prepare a letter agreement capturing the extension terms , similar to petro - canada .  5 . incentive arrangement - as suncor is putting in place a new general mgr position to manage overall energy risks for the suncor group , we committed to wait for this person to be in place to negotiate an appropriate incentive arrangement . since we have provided the most value to suncor ' s consuming businesses over the years ( as e & p does very little ) it is appropriate to restructure the incentive to capture the value added to other parts of the business .  enron ' s costs to provide the services are $ 168 , 444 cdn per year . this cost includes all accounting and operations staff , with an allocation of rent and infrastructure . we have five years of operating experience in providing these services and therefore are comfortable with this cost allocation . as in the case of the petro - canada renewal , the allocation of houston costs are insignificant on a per transaction basis compared to our base business . we do not include commercial staff in the above costs as they are covered through origination deal flow .  we have made approximately $ 1 . 5 - $ 2 . 0 mm cdn each year ( including this year ) in deal flow from the suncor / sunoco alliance over the years of the relationship .  the mtm income on this transaction is $ 830 , 000 cdn or approximately $ 530 , 000 us . i will allocate this amongst grant oh and myself .  while the origination is not large on this transaction , the follow - on deal flow potential , based on past experience , is significant .  again , as with petro - canada , we have a marquee client renewing services for an additional term with us after a five year initial term . this is a powerful marketing tool for the company vis a vis the quality of our services and commercial support .  this renewal is a great credit to our operations , accounting , and commercial staff . we have had very few issues raised over the years with respect to the services provided in those areas , and have passed all audits performed by suncor . it also reflects very well on the hard work , and transaction / portfolio ideas of grant oh and nicole laporte on the commercial side ( and barry tycholiz and jason biever before them ) .  this was not an easy deal to get done , in particular the three year commitment . you will recall that a year or so ago the odds of getting this done were probably 10 % . the key here was that we worked through and maintained relationships with up to five layers of the individual suncor and sunoco businesses , and we provided a very high level of service .  peter ,  would you please prepare the letter agreement this week for this transaction along the lines of the pcog extension letter . i ' ll stop by to discuss further . thanks .
HAM Subject: ena trading track  all ,  thank you for your time yesterday interviewing for the ena trading track . i would be grateful if you would not discuss feedback with any of the candidates until all offers are confirmed . i will advise you when candidates have been notified .  thanks once again .  regards ,  karen .
HAM Subject: fw : closing agendas  these are the closing checklists for canada . i ' m faxing you the checklist for the us deal .  edd  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : henry , joe  sent : thursday , january 31 , 2002 4 : 29 pm  to : daniels , eddy  subject : fw : closing agendas  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : " shawna dalke " @ enron  sent : thursday , january 31 , 2002 2 : 57 pm  to : henry , joe ; mary . korby @ weil . com  cc : michael knapp  subject : closing agendas  mike knapp has requested that i forward the attached draft agendas to your attention . please direct any enquiries on this matter directly to mike knapp at 260 - 9672 or mnk @ blakes . com .  thank you .  shawna m . dalke  assistant to michael n . knapp  blake , cassels & graydon llp  suite 3500 , 855 second street sw  calgary , alberta  t 2 p 4 j 8  tel : 403 . 260 . 9790  fax : 403 . 260 . 9700  email : shawna . dalke @ blakes . com  this e - mail communication is confidential and legally privileged . if you are not the intended recipient , please notify me at the telephone number shown above or by return e - mail and delete this communication and any copy immediately . thank you .  - $ 3 z 2 yo 2 ! . doc  - $ 3 z 3 fo 2 ! . doc
HAM Subject: eog funds  michelle , do you know if any funds have been transferred yet from eog to  enron for the interconnect ? eog will quickly be running out of time .  laura j . kunkel  project manager  trigon - sheehan , llc  505 / 627 - 9124  lkunkel @ trigon - sheehan . com
HAM Subject: alternative names  kal came up with a couple of suggestions :  " traderkey "  " quoteskey "  - consistent with other ubs products ( like swisskey )  - few syllables  - doesn ' t use the ubs name , so shouldn ' t be as sensitive to the name police  - is generic enough to survive ubs name changes or other companies posting products on the site in the future .  - are available as a url  i especially like " traderkey " , which has positive connotations and provides potential for some interesting marketing campaigns .  dave
HAM Subject: interviewing for the associate and analyst programs  the off - cycle department of the associate and analyst program is looking for  volunteer interviewers for the following dates :  thursday , november 9 th from 9 : 00 a . m - 12 : 00 p . m  thursday , november 16 th from 9 : 00 a . m . - 12 : 00 p . m .  thursday , december 7 th from 9 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m .  over 50 candidates will be interviewing over these 3 days . the candidates  will be a combination of associates and analysts representing schools such as  princeton , harvard , university of north carolina , notre dame , university of  illinois , emory and many others . each candidate will have 4 interviews .  pending the outcome of their interviews we will invite them to stay and  attend super saturday that weekend . if for some reason we decide not to  further pursue the candidate , we will fly them home that friday morning .  also there will be continental breakfast at from 7 : 45 a . m . to 8 : 45 a . m . ( for  all three dates ) and a luncheon from 12 : 30 p . m . - 2 : 00 p . m . ( on nov . 9 and  nov . 16 th ) , the lunch will be at 1 : 30 for the dec . 7 th . interviewers are  welcome to attend both the breakfast and the lunch on their interviewing  date . the interviewing , breakfast and lunch will take place at the  doubletree hotel downtown .  we are asking enron employees associate ( associates who have been with the  program for at least one year ) level or higher to volunteer at least one  hour to interview candidates ( this will be 2 interviews ) . if you can  volunteer for more than an hour or for more than just one of the stated  dates , that would be great ! your help is needed ! please contact my  assistant , cathy lira , at cathy . lira @ enron . com or x 54049 as soon as possible ,  if you can volunteer any time for interviewing .  if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me .  once again , thanks ,  althea  althea p . gordon , jd  recruiter  associate & analyst programs
HAM Subject: re : ( no subject )  rick asked that you review the attached resume . if you have any interest in  interviewing jeffrey lachman please let me know and i will contact joe  hillings .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sharron westbrook / corp / enron on  04 / 05 / 2000 02 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  richard causey  04 / 04 / 2000 06 : 35 pm  to : sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : ( no subject )  please circulate to cao ' s to see if there is any interest . then we need to  respond to joe hillings . thanks  from : lora sullivan 04 / 03 / 2000 09 : 04 am  to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , lou potempa / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : ( no subject )  resume of jeffrey lachman , ph . d forwarded at the request of joe hillings .  gentlemen :  would you be interested in interviewing jeffrey ? please advise .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lora sullivan / corp / enron on 04 / 03 / 2000  10 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lachmanjb @ aol . com on 03 / 26 / 2000 01 : 14 : 20 pm  - resume . doc
HAM Subject: proposed rule extends marketing affiliate regulations to all  affiliates  ngi ' s daily gas price index  breaking news : posted sep 26 , 4 : 16 pm  proposed rule extends marketing affiliate regulations to all affiliates  federal energy regulatory commissioners wednesday agreed to issue a notice of proposed rulemaking broadening the application of standards of conduct for transmission providers , including both natural gas pipelines and power lines , to require separation of the regulated monopolies from any other company affiliate .  previously , the rules simply required creation of a firewall , including separate operations in separate locations staffed by separate personnel , between gas pipelines and their marketing affiliates . the proposed rule would wall off both gas and electric transmission operations from any other affiliate , gas or electric , including financial affiliates .  the commission was presented with two options regarding the application of the proposed rule to electric transmission affiliates , which still in many cases have bundled operations . one option would enforce complete separation , while a second would have exempted employees who deal in sales or purchases of bundled retail native load . staff and commissioners wood , william massey and nora brownell appeared to favor walling off all affiliated personnel , so they would not be privy to market information about transmission operations that other non - affiliated competitors did not have access to .  commissioner linda breathitt , however , argued for exempting personnel dealing solely with retail native load . breathitt said that while she supported the eventual separation of the entities , she was concerned about the timing . " i see no compelling reason at this time ; there have been no complaints and no evidence . " she said she thought state commissions might consider the move an infringement on their jurisdiction . " i agree with concept philosophically , but i think there will be other opportunities later on , after we do a little more bridge - building with state commissions . "  wood said he understood " the political issue here with respect to federal - state relations , but i think this is an opportunity for discrimination that ought to be eliminated . " staff pointed out that if there were any problems with transmission reliability or if some small utilities had problems , waivers could be granted . staff was questioned by the commissioners as to how much information was available to affiliate personnel . " if i am an affiliate employee dealing solely with retail native load , i can go into the control room and get all the information i want , " one staffer responded .  wood proposed , and the commissioners ratified , a proposed rule with no exceptions , but which makes clear that in the final rule the commission may reverse field and determine that separation of employees dealing with sales of native load is not required . commenting parties should provide cost / benefit analysis on both sides of the question . state commissions are also invited to comment . wood had suggested the commission extend the separation to all sales employees , " but make it clear that if we don ' t hear from people that they really want this separation , we ain ' t going to do it . "
HAM Subject: lincoln electric  louise ,  i understand there is concern that the value associated with the assignment of the lincoln electric sales agreement to oppd is not sufficient to justify paying $ 1 . 3 million to oppd in order for them to assume this contract .  there are some considerations on this contract which i think are important and which may not have been mentioned to you :  - the original sales contract to lincoln was entered into several years ago and is one of the contracts sometimes referred to internally as " toxic waste " .  - about a month ago , we agreed verbally with oppd to accept assignment of the sales contract , as oppd is one of the few parties which can serve it .  - the execution of the documents has been delayed by lincoln , who were initially refusing to consent to the assignment  - we have another , larger under - water transaction with oppd which we would like to move off the books at some point . we ' d like to keep oppd happy to improve the chances that we can negotiate their buyout of our other sales contract to them )  - if we fail to deliver , we will be subject to penalties in the amount of $ 45 , 0000 per mw on top of liquidated damages ( lincoln is 15 mw for 02 and 30 mw for 03 ) .  - this is a highly constrained area ( only 6 counterparties can physically deliver in this area and oppd is the only one which has the surplus power in order to serve lincoln ) : the chance that we will be unable to deliver is high .  - there is intangible value associated with not being in a situation where enron fails to deliver .  - even if we do wind up serving the contract , the highly constrained nature of the area means we will likely be forced to pay extortionate prices for the power we do acquire .  - trading wishes to be out of this contract for aforementioned reasons and the fact that it will be very labour intensive to serve ( day - ahead notice on 20 % monthly load factor )  obviously , if the above is not sufficient justification to put the money out the door now , then we will smooth things as much as possible with oppd - but i wanted to make sure you had all the info . before we kill the deal .  terri has stalled oppd until monday .  dave
HAM Subject: re : peer group mapping  steve kean and i believe quite strongly , within a four peer group structure , that we need to allocate somewhere between 30 and 50 percent of gov ' t . / public affairs out of commercial support into specialized technical - there is a clear divide between individuals in the gov ' t / public affairs groups who are managing significant risk for the company and having a significant and direct impact on commercial activities / net income ( these individuals should be moved to specialized technical ) . . . . and others who are performing a less strategic function ( who should remain in the commercial support category ) . with that said , it is probably not necessary to undertake this effort for mid - year prc purposes since we are probably moving to a three peer stucture where that split could be achieved ( for year - end purposes where the compensation impact would be felt ) . if we stay with the four group stucture , i intend to push hard for the remapping of gov ' t affairs by year - end .  on a completely seperate issue , i continue to be very concerned about the impact of the " preferred " distribution relative to the bottom category for " commercial support " groups ( i ' m not implying this is ' nt an issue for commercial groups - i just don ' t have the same ability to assess the impact there ) . . . . the concern , simply stated , is that it may be entirely counterproductive to force individuals who are not performance problems into a category that has significant implications for their careers here at enron , particularly after going thru the past year where many of the non - performers in my group and others were moved out of the company - the replacement costs for moving good performers out of the company for the sake of a " preferred " distribution are quite high . . . and that is even before you begin to assess the incalcuable damage to morale that will invariably occour .  thanks .  enron energy services from : david w delainey @ ees 05 / 10 / 2001 10 : 26 am  sent by : kay chapman @ ees  to : david w delainey / hou / ees , philippe a bibi / hou / ect , tim belden / hou / ect , raymond bowen / hou / ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , rick buy / enron @ enronxgate , wes colwell / enron @ enronxgate , david cox / enron communications @ enron communications , janet r dietrich / hou / ees @ ees , w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , jim fallon / enron communications @ enron communications , ben glisan / hou / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect , mark e haedicke / hou / ect @ ect , james a hughes / enron _ development , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , michael kopper / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron , dan leff / hou / ees @ ees , jeffrey mcmahon / enron @ enronxgate , rob milnthorp / cal / ect @ ect , matthew scrimshaw / lon / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , marty sunde / hou / ees @ ees  cc : kenneth lay / corp / enron @ enron , cliff baxter / hou / ect , james derrick / corp / enron , ken rice / enron communications @ enron communications , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , stanley horton / corp / enron @ enron , jeff skilling / corp / enron @ enron , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , kevin hannon / enron communications @ enron communications , andrew s fastow / hou / ect , mark frevert / na / enron , lou l pai / hou / ees @ ees , david oxley / hou / ect , drew c lynch / lon / ect @ ect , robert w jones / enron @ enronxgate , mary joyce / enron @ enronxgate , marla barnard / enron communications @ enron communications , kalen pieper / hou / ees @ ees , gary p smith / ots / enron @ enron , cindy skinner / hou / ect , andrea yowman / corp / enron @ enron , cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron , gina corteselli / corp / enron , elspeth inglis / corp / enron  subject : peer group mapping  following my note last week please find attached the consolidated peer group mapping for all business units . this mapping is intended to illustrate from a functional view point where each activity was placed at year end 2000 vp prc .  we were considering moving to a 3 peer group structure however it as agreed at the last prc committee meeting to stay with the current structure since the data had been cleaned and everyone felt generally comfortable where most activities had been placed with the exception of just 2 or 3 . it was agreed that we should concentrate on resolving these rather than undertaking an organization wide remapping excercise to consolidate to 3 peer groups . all functions / activities within the business units should now be reflected on the acttached .  the actions points from this excercise are :  1 to review and agree the attached mapping  2 consider and comment on highlighted groups that we have discussed in previous prc meetings and ask for your comments or objections to moving them as indicated on the attachment .  3 invite your comments or questions on any other function that you consider questionable or requiring further explanation .  please return your comments to david oxley by friday may 25 .  to have this discussion now will save lengthy discussions in the final vp / md prc meetings . definitions of the peer groups are also attached for your ease of  reference .
HAM Subject: new albany risk memo  attached is memo outlining certain legal risks associated with the proposed new albany sale to duke .
HAM Subject: re : saxet canales into king ranch - balancing issue  7 sis is averaging 23 , 000 m / day . big cowboy is pretty dead on . carol would  like for us to gross up for saxet based on the number of flow days left so  that the nomination to the plant takes the payback into account .  mary
HAM Subject: start date : 2 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ;  start date : 2 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020514 . txt  ! ! ! general sql error .  couldn ' t update ; currently locked by user ' admin ' on machine ' nahou - trdts 4 ' .  table  - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - -  * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule .  details :  trans _ type : final  sc _ id : ectstnw  mkt _ type : 2  trans _ date : 2 / 5 / 02  tie _ point : malin _ 5 _ rndmtn  interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 3000  engy _ type : firm
HAM Subject: alp presentation  this will be in eb 49 cl  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 13 am  to : barrett @ rice . edu , uecker @ rice . edu , cmiller @ rice . edu , lounghrid @ rice . edu , luigical @ rice . edu  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron  subject : alp presentation  on behalf of enron corp . i would like to invite you to an alp project presentation by a group of students  of jesse h . jones graduate school of management , rice university .  the students will present the results of a research project regarding electronic trading  platforms in the energy industry .  the presentation will be held on may 7 , at 4 : 00 p . m . at enron , 1400 smith .  we would also like to invite you to dinner , following the presentation .  vince kaminski  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell )  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com
HAM Subject: trade counts by 3 : 30 pm  trade counts , by 3 : 30 pm , since october 1 :  trade date trade cnt  11 / 7 / 2001 6034  11 / 6 / 2001 6223  11 / 5 / 2001 6450  11 / 4 / 2001 36  11 / 3 / 2001 58  11 / 2 / 2001 5841  11 / 1 / 2001 6539  10 / 31 / 2001 7093  10 / 30 / 2001 5713  10 / 29 / 2001 7060  10 / 28 / 2001 7  10 / 27 / 2001 11  10 / 26 / 2001 6776  10 / 25 / 2001 8359  10 / 24 / 2001 7906  10 / 23 / 2001 8500  10 / 22 / 2001 7883  10 / 21 / 2001 34  10 / 20 / 2001 4  10 / 19 / 2001 7978  10 / 18 / 2001 7610  10 / 17 / 2001 7405  10 / 16 / 2001 7086  10 / 15 / 2001 5386  10 / 14 / 2001 19  10 / 13 / 2001 16  10 / 12 / 2001 6095  10 / 11 / 2001 5922  10 / 10 / 2001 6200  10 / 9 / 2001 5252  10 / 8 / 2001 5092  10 / 7 / 2001 52  10 / 6 / 2001 17  10 / 5 / 2001 5846  10 / 4 / 2001 6455  10 / 3 / 2001 5930  10 / 2 / 2001 5354  10 / 1 / 2001 5207  counterparty data is in the enclosed spreadsheet .
HAM Subject: stacey - cqg  daren , i completely forgot about stacey ' s cqg . . . was i supposed to send in  another request for her and put it on tom ' s cost center ? or were we going to  wait for tom to okay it first ? ?
HAM Subject: mark - to - market  bob ,  i wanted to continue the analysis on mark - to - market that i had spoken to you  about on the phone .  i thought that it was getting very difficult explaining the whole transaction  by phone , so i am having krishnarao who is in vince ' s group explain the  transaction to you .  krishna has been helping us structure the deal here in india , and he has just  returned to houston from india after working with the team here .  he will seek an appointment with you to explain the transaction . i would  like you to please spend some time with him , and then based on the discussion  please send us a note detailing how sucha a transaction would be marked to  market .  please cosider the fact that currently there are no such transactions from  the indian side . this is a very important transaction for us , and we may  need to repeat this in coming months , hence setting up the system to account  for these maybe well worth it . also , what i am concerned about is that there  will be an enron india ( eipl ) account in india based on indian gaap , and upon  consolidation there will be a us gaap accounting in the us . it is here that  we would like to have mark - to - market accounting . eipl is structured through  mauritius , and then caymen islands .  another key question to consider is that when we m - t - m the transaction in the  us there will be a tax accruing in the year of m - t - m ( say 2000 ) . however , in  india , as a result of the accrual accounting , there will not be any income  showing till the year 2002 or 2003 . we will need to know how that would get  treated , and whether there is a way to get credit for the tax payable in the  us . i am also confused about whether us tax would be levied , since none of  the income is being brought back into the us ( remains overseas - subpart - f  and other concerns ) .  finally , we have been working hard in structuring a fixed price contract and  getting a fixed for floating swap in the us ( this is still not allowed to  indian corporates ) . i need you to think about this too , and see if some type  of accounting will solve this issue . krishna knows what i am talking about ,  and will brief you on the same .  krishna - please walk bob through the three structures we had worked here .  look forward to your help and comments . this is going to be an exciting  project for us all .  regards ,  sandeep .
HAM Subject: 2 q soft metrics  hi louise ,  please let me know if you have any questions !
HAM Subject: global operations controllers forum  i would just like to thank you both for an extremely informative and  constructive event . i learnt an lot from this and look forward to taking  these ideas forward .  mike
HAM Subject: online financial gtc  further to my e - mail of january 16 , 2002 attaching the revised canadian online physical gas gtc ' s , i now attach the following revised canadian online financial gtc ' s . please note there are some open issues in square brackets and bold print from the old forms which require clarification , which i would like to discuss with you , mark , when you have a moment :  1 . online financial gtc for netco with credit support :  2 . online financial gtc for netco without credit support :  regards ,  peter
HAM Subject: red rock capacity  perry - pursuant to our telephone conversation earlier today please make the following adjustments to the transwestern cas system . thanks and call me if you have questions .  1 ) change the mdq on the red rock administrative contract from 150 , 000 mmbtu to 120 , 000 mmbtu .  2 ) reserve delivery point capacity on the red rock administrative contract as follows :  contract # shipper del point mdq start date  27641 ppl needles 12 , 000 6 - 1 - 02  27641 ppl griffith 8 , 000 6 - 1 - 02  27608 wgr needles 10 , 000 6 - 1 - 02  27604 fritolay needles 3 , 300 6 - 1 - 02  27604 fritolay topock 2 , 000 6 - 1 - 02  27605 fritolay needles 2 , 700 6 - 1 - 02  27622 usgypsum needles 4 , 500 6 - 1 - 02  27607 oneok needles 1 , 700 6 - 1 - 02  27607 oneok needles 5 , 000 6 - 1 - 03  27642 calpine topock 40 , 000 7 - 1 - 02  27609 bp needles 15 , 000 6 - 1 - 02  27649 ppl topock 7 , 500 6 - 1 - 02  total 106 , 700  lorraine
HAM Subject: invitation - wharton et events  mark ,  fyi .  what about going to wharton in october to attend the e - commerce conference ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 18 / 2000  11 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tomczyk @ wharton . upenn . edu ( michael tomczyk ) on 08 / 15 / 2000 01 : 37 : 34 pm  to : vkamins @ enron . com  cc : thomas . piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu  subject : invitation - wharton et events  vince hello ,  i just wanted to followup up on our meeting at wharton and let you know  that there are two upcoming events that you may want to attend - or  designate others from enron to attend . both of these events are good  opportunities to " test drive " the emerging technologies program and see if  there is an interest in joining our partner group .  september 8 - what next on the internet ?  our next insight - building event will be held at wharton on friday ,  september 8 and is entitled " what next on the internet ? "  this is primarily a wharton faculty event and we will be exploring 3 areas :  1 ) the new economics on the web , 2 ) internet , anywhere , and 3 )  implications for ( academic ) research and education . speakers will include  jay walker ( priceline . com ) , david farber ( chief technologist at the fcc )  and mohan sawhney ( kellog univ . , one of the nation ' s thought leaders on  e - commerce ) , along with several senior wharton faculty members .  there will be considerable discussion on how the next generation of the  internet will evolve and the implications for management and management  research . we are inviting our industry partners to join us at this event ,  and participate in the discussion , which should contain some valuable  insights and also provides an opportunity to help set our research agenda .  you are most welcome to participate , or designate a colleague , if you like .  october 19 & 20 - winners & losers in the e - commerce shakeout  this will be a major impact conference to explore the coming internet  shakeout , and apply some of the traditional shakeout measures to e - commerce  and try to determine what we can expect . it should be an intriguing day .  if you plan to attend please rsvp early since we are sure to be  " overbooked " for this event . this is probably the best showcase for our  insight - building activities , if you would like to invite any colleagues  help determine if it makes sense for enron to become a partner in the et  program .  if you ' d like to rsvp for you and any colleagues who would like to attend  one or both of the events described above , send me an email reply and i ' ll  send you a more detailed agenda and speaker description , etc .  i ' ll be on vacation the rest of this week but if you have any questions or  comments you can call or email me next week .  best regards ,  michael  michael s . tomczyk  managing director  emerging technologies management research program  1400 sh - dh / 6371  the wharton school  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6371  tel 215 - 573 - 7722  fax 215 - 573 - 2129
HAM Subject: mgmt 656  here are your latest rosters . let me know if you would like the spreadsheet  with their e - mail addresses as well ! - pam ( 6223 )  - 656 . doc
HAM Subject: entex monthly mtg . eb 37 cl  2 / 1 / 00  please mark your calendar to join the following meeting listed below :  date : thursday , february 3 , 2000  time : 11 : 30 - 12 : 30 ( luncheon )  location : eb 37 cl  * lunch will be provided  if you have any questions , please contact me or rita wynne x 3 - 7694  many thanks  pamela chambers  x 3 - 9680
HAM Subject: re : chase  vince : thanks very much . i will call ravi  chris  vince j kaminski @ ect  04 / 12 / 2000 10 : 36 am  to : chris holmes @ enron  cc :  subject : re : chase  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 12 / 2000  10 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  04 / 12 / 2000 10 : 11 am  to : chris holmes / hou / ect @ ees  cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : chase  chris ,  we don ' t have yet any report on broadband that might help you , developed  internally  by my group . we are working on a tutorial and we shall send you a copy when  it ' s ready .  the person who can give you an introduction to this market is ravi  thuraisingham .  vince  chris holmes @ ees  04 / 05 / 2000 09 : 55 pm  sent by : chris holmes @ ees  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : chase  vince :  i am working now in ees as the chase national account manager and am  developing new products to sell chase . one of the products i am working on  integrates the provision of broad band with a package of computer  hardware and software for a company ' s employees .  i can explain more if you are interested .  i understand you put together a report on broadband which has helped educate  people as to the technology and economics . can i get a copy ? .  also do you have any analyses on chase that might help me detect other  opportunities ?  is there anyone on your staff with whom i should talk ?  thanks  chris
HAM Subject: organizational changes  enron is forming a new organization - - the enron xcelerator - - to drive the  formation and development of new businesses at enron . enron ' s unique ability  to start and develop new businesses has driven most of our growth over the  years . lou l . pai , currently chairman and ceo of enron energy services , will  lead the xcelerator . over his years at enron , lou has been key to the  creation and rapid growth of our wholesale gas , wholesale power and energy  service businesses . the existing business units will continue their  development of core businesses , while the xcelerator will be responsible for  developing new business opportunities that are natural extensions of enron ' s  business model and core skills , but not currently under development elsewhere  in enron .  dave delainey , currently president and ceo of enron americas , will become  chairman and ceo of enron energy services . dave brings a wealth of  experience and accomplishment from enron wholesale services ' businesses where  he led the growth of our canadian business and our north american origination  activity and , most recently , had a great year in enron americas .  dave is forming an office of the chairman in ees . joining dave in the office  of the chairman are dan leff , president of ees , global energy services , and  marty sunde , president of ees , global marketing and services . dan and marty  have been instrumental in the development and execution of the successful ees  business model . also joining the office of the chairman of ees is janet  dietrich as chief operating officer . janet , currently is managing director  in enron americas , where she has been successful in many of enron wholesale ' s  core businesses , including gas trading , risk management and structural  origination . tom white will continue as vice chairman of ees and will focus  on the development and expansion of ees ' customer relationships . lou , tom ,  dan , marty and the entire ees organization have developed a great business  model with great growth prospects . ees has become an essential part of  enron ' s market valuation and growth story . this new leadership structure  will enable ees to continue on its path of sustained growth and increasing  profitability .  john lavorato will succeed dave as president and ceo of enron americas . john  has been an essential part of enron ' s energy trading success over the years  and is a key part of enron wholesale services ' continuing success story .  joining john is louise kitchen , currently president and ceo of enron  networks . louise , who accelerated enron ' s outstanding growth with the  deployment of enrononline , will take over as chief operating officer of enron  americas .  philippe bibi , currently chief operating officer of enron networks will take  over as president and ceo of enron networks . under philippe ' s leadership ,  enron has become a technology leader and the leading e - commerce company .  joining philippe as chief operating officer is greg piper , currently managing  director of enron networks . greg currently leads enron network ' s origination  activity and was responsible for the creation and deployment of clickpaper ,  enron ' s successful online pulp and paper marketplace .  please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their  achievements and their new responsibilities .
HAM Subject: natural gas origination  our natural gas business continues to benefit from effective account management and resource allocation focused on identifying and responding to the needs of our varied customers . in order to keep our organization optimally structured and to facilitate additional growth , we are making the following changes :  producer / wellhead group  the current mid - market , origination and wellhead pricing activity currently within the central and eastern gas regions will be consolidated with the derivatives group under fred lagrasta . this will create a single business unit focused upon the needs of the producing industry within the eastern u . s . the producer focus in the western u . s . and texas will remain unchanged reporting to mark whitt and brian redmond respectively .  strategic asset development  laura luce will move from her role in the central region to lead an effort focused strictly on identifying and entering into long - term strategic arrangements within the central and eastern regions . this initiative will focus on a limited number of selected markets that provide strategic opportunities for partnering in asset development , asset management and optimization . this effort will continue to work very closely with the regional leads .  central origination and mid - market  frank vickers will continue his current role in the eastern region and will assume the leadership role for mid - market and origination activity in the central region .  there will be no changes to the west and texas origination groups headed respectively by barry tycholiz and brian redmond .  please join us in congratulating fred , laura and frank in their new roles .  louise & john
HAM Subject: legal entity field changes !  regarding the legal entity field in enpower , please ignore the previous email and use the following criteria .  enter ena for financial deals .  enter epmi for physical deals .  kysa m . alport  enron north america  ( o ) 503 - 464 - 7486  ( c ) 503 - 706 - 5308
HAM Subject: re : your mail  zhendong ,  dr . kaminski called me back telling me that he would like to have you as  an intern student in his research department during the summer . please  write him an email as soon as possible to introduce yourself and letting  him know of your expected starting date and ending date . dr . kaminski ' s  email address is vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  shi - jie deng  assistant professor  school of isye  georgia institute of technology  office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519  e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu  home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng
HAM Subject: fw : release of deal # 70550  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : schumack , sherlyn  sent : monday , july 09 , 2001 10 : 34 am  to : olsen , michael  cc : majorwitz , buddy ; ' ttnguyen @ aep . com '  subject : fw : release of deal # 70550  mike ,  i looked in sitara and deal 70550 is still not released . i talked to you about this on friday . can you get someone to release this deal please . thu said that they are not able to release the deal at aep .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : majorwitz , buddy  sent : monday , july 09 , 2001 9 : 54 am  to : schumack , sherlyn  subject : release of deal # 70550  sherlyn ,  can you follow up on that deal we were looking at on friday ? you had called and asked someone to release the deal so that it would show up in path manager or something to that effect . i ' ve looked in sitara this morning and it doesn ' t look like it has been released or validated yet .  thanks for your help . let me know if you need anything from me .  buddy
HAM Subject: operations pricing model  sally ,  shari and i would like to schedule an hour of your time from 3 : 00 pm to 4 : 00  pm on wednesday , october 25 , 2000 . during this time shari will present to  you the september results for the operations pricing model . we would also  like to give you a briefing of the overall status of the project .  let me know if this is a good time .  thanks .
HAM Subject: certificate status report  please see attached .
HAM Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure  start date : 1 / 20 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012021 . txt  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
HAM Subject: fw : willis phillips  along with all the questions that louise asked , can i please see the resume .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : friday , april 27 , 2001 10 : 13 am  to : presto , kevin  cc : lavorato , john  subject : re : willis phillips  this isn ' t the ex - metals trader from koch ?  what level is he ? what is the package - director or below ?  enron capital & trade resources corp . from : kevin m presto 04 / 27 / 2001 08 : 49 am  to : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : willis phillips  we would like to hire willis phillips from koch . rogers , dana , & i have all interviewed him and think he is a can ' t miss candidate . the bad news is that he was referred by a headhunter ( the fee is 20 % of first year package ) .  this guy is quality and i want to make an offer . please let me know if i can proceed asap .  
HAM Subject: we decided to get kristan walsh an offer for fundies . can you get it to her when jeanie gets it .  thanks .
HAM Subject: aep - hpl transitions list - updated  sally - please see the attached list as opposed to the one attached in bob ' s earlier memo . this one is the latest and greatest . thanks !
HAM Subject: re : saudi arabia  daren :  i ' ll follow - up on this , but i ' m sure you know it isn ' t a very likely story .  i ' ll be in saudi this friday , so if mr . maldonado has any leads there i can  check ' em out .  please say hi to doug and tell him we ' re getting a little closer to that gas  pipeline to displace liquids on the saudi west coast .  regards ,  samir  rob stewart  07 / 20 / 2000 02 : 47 am  to : samir salama / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc :  subject : saudi arabia  this sounds right up your street  thanks  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rob stewart / enron _ development on  07 / 20 / 2000 02 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  daren j farmer @ ect  06 / 15 / 2000 03 : 05 pm  to : rob stewart / eu / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : saudi arabia  rob ,  i got your name from doug leach . he thought that you would be the person to  talk to about this .  i got a call last night from rudolph maldonado . ( the operator forwarded him  our way . ) he stated that he has some natural gas to sell in saudi arabia .  his number is 562 - 866 - 1755 . could you give him a call and check this out ? i  told him that i would find someone that he could discuss this with .  i can be reached at 3 - 6905 if you have any questions .  daren farmer
HAM Subject: re : thesis on electricity price jump - diffusions  bernard ,  my coordinates :  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell )  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  yes , we are going into a very interesting summer both here and in the uk .  vince  " murphy , bernard " on 03 / 27 / 2001 01 : 23 : 04 am  to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' "  cc :  subject : re : thesis on electricity price jump - diffusions  hi vince ,  can you e - mail me your mailing address in houston and i will send you a hard  copy of the above today . apologies for delay , but i wanted to ensure that  les clewlow had received his copy in sydney before distributing any other  copies .  incidentally , today ( march 27 th ) is a red letter day in the uk as the neta /  new electricity trading arrangements have gone ' live ' . should be  interesting to observe the development of the paper market in the coming  months - you ' re no doubt aware that ipe have just launched an electricity  futures contract .  regards  bernard  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : 01 march 2001 15 : 37  to : murphy , bernard  cc : vkaminski @ aol . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  bernard ,  yes , i can read a dvi file . you can also cc  my home address : vkaminski @ aol . com . i shall  try to send you an answer to your question on weekend .  vince  " murphy , bernard " on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 18 : 58 am  to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' "  cc :  subject : re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  vince ,  i can send you a scientific word dvi file ( at the weekend ) if you can read  scientific word files ? the dissertation hasn ' t been reviewed by les or  the  external yet - although its been at forc for 2 months . i think that the  empirical chapter is probably the one which would be of most relevance to  both our company ' s businesses - although i ultimately didn ' t have the time  to ' explicitly ' price the jump risk - premium which i conjectured is possibly  implicit in the prices of exchange - traded electricity futures - options -  rather i developed an implicit estimation procedure which will enable a  rough assessment ( with a little bit of further work , but not too much ) be  made of the price of jump risk in wholesale power markets .  in other words , i assumed spot jump - risk to be undiversifiable , and  essentially devoted 2 theoretical chapters to :  1 ) proving that a jump - diffusion trading model is " incomplete "  ( synthesising  the securities markets framework with martingale representation theory ) -  note that i did not assume that markets could be dynamically completed with  ' term structure ' securities as in the hjm w / jumps papers of shirakawa and  das and ;  2 ) deriving an explicit risk - adjustment process for ' implementing ' the  price  of jump - risk using a jump - diffusion marginal indirect utility of wealth  process ( ie . a jump - augmented production economy approach in the spirit of  cir , bates , ahn whereas in the latter the driftless forward supposition  means that i have to capture mean - reversion via the futures volatility  function , and jumps are less easy to calibrate . any suggestions ?  regards  bernard  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : 01 march 2001 14 : 54  to : murphy , bernard  cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  subject : re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  bernard ,  i am forwarding your message to my assistant and she will mail you a  reprint .  i would be glad to take a look at your dissertation . is it available as a  publication , working paper ?  vince  " murphy , bernard " on 03 / 01 / 2001 02 : 17 : 39 am  to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' "  cc :  subject : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives  hello vince ,  my name is bernard murphy - i received your e - mail address from les  clewlow ,  who was my phd supervisor at the financia options research centre at  warwick  business school . i ' ve just finished my phd on electricity price jump  diffusions : a theoretical and empirical study in incomplete markets -  hence my interest in electricity price modelling and derivative pricing . i  was looking to get hold of a copy of your 1997 paper , which has recently  come to my attention :  " the challenge of pricing & risk - managing electricity derivatives " , the us  power market , risk publications , pp . 149 - 171 .  and les suggested that i contact you directly ( les is travelling at present  and doesn ' t have an electronic copy available ) to request an e - copy .  incidentally , i am lecturer in finance / financial mathematics at  university  of limerick ( ireland ) and have taken a year out to work for caminus uk ,  where i am working on introducing and developing a markets - based approach  ( spark - spread ) to real asset valuations in the uk power industry .  thanks in advancve  bernard murphy
HAM Subject: kick - off meeting for the tw dashboard  please attend a meeting on tuesday , 1 / 30 from 1 : 00 - 2 : 30 in the eb 4102 / oma 696  to discuss the development / implementation of the tw dashboard . we will give  a presentation of the marketing dashboard and then have a brainstorming  session on the possible types of information each of you need to manage your  day - to - day business .  we would like to make sure everyone is using the new dashboard so please  click here to access - http : / / nahou - wwrmso 2 p . ets . enron . com / . your id and  password are the same as your current logonid ( ex . llindber for lorraine ) .  please click on the nng tab and think about which of those categories as well  as what additional type of information you would like on the tw tab .  we are expecting to kick off the requirements phase of your pipeline profile  next month so we will also give you a quick presentation of the nng pipeline  profile that has been developed .  please contact myself at x 3 - 7275 or bobby mason at x 3 - 5196 is you have any  questions or if you are unable to attend .  thanks ! martha
HAM Subject: enron actuals for june 21 , 2000  teco tap 120 . 000 / hpl iferc  ls hpl haty 30 . 000 / enron
HAM Subject: re : fuel  we need to discuss further . my concern would be that how do we know what %  hpl should be retaining at a compressor or zone to make sure we recoup our  fuel cost ? also , could allocated fuel cause a contract imbalance ? i think  that pipeline operations can handle the scheduling of third party fuel  retainage . but , if we retain fuel on ena transports , then we need to come up  with a plan to nominate this in marketing operations to houston pipeline .  currently , this process is not in place .  enron north america corp .  from : brenda f herod 06 / 22 / 2000 12 : 35 pm  to : lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , mary m  smith / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect , pat  clynes / corp / enron @ enron , michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect  cc : edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : fuel  what is the answer ? can the systems and processes handle this ? please let  me know asap . thanks .  edward d gottlob  06 / 22 / 2000 10 : 57 am  to : bherod @ enron . com  cc :  subject : fuel  brenda ,  as you know fuel is a big risk . one of the things we are trying to do is get  the shipper to pay fuel . this would mean we would purchase , transport and  possibly sell gas with a fuel percentage as part of the price . can the  downstream systems , scheduling etc handle this ?
HAM Subject: enron media / advertising  simon ,  please forward a copy of my ken rice presentation to vince kaminski . send  him the version with the white background .  vince :  thanks again for meeting with me today and i am pleased that you are  interested in discussing this opportunity in more detail .  feel free to contact me should you have any questions . as discussed , the  enron media / advertising idea is being developed under ebs , but should  develop into its own business unit .  enron media / advertising :  - advertising risk book  - physical trades , supported by excess inventory from cable networks , radio ,  network tv , etc .  - media buying service  - alliances with advertising agencies to sell enron ' s " eyeballs " from our  customer / server - isp relationships i . e . , us west  - agencies could endorse ebs to their customers ( ford gm , procter & gamble ,  etc . ) and become an extended enterprise for ebs and our ein applications  - enron ' s capital , to fund content development for the networks and  hollywood , which in turn would provide content for our pipes with licensing  and syndication rights .  - an enron on line b to b opportunity ( you may want to review the following  sites : doubleclick . com , agency . com , adauction . com )  mark and kal :  vince and i are meeting on tuesday , march 28 th @ 3 : 00 pm to further discuss  the development of the enron media / advertising concept . can you join us to  provide a customer and agency perspective ?  regards ,  michael p . horning
HAM Subject: meter 980070  daren ,  this meter has recorded flow for the following days with no deal .  10 - 29 - 99 1300  10 - 30 - 99 23  10 - 31 - 99 23  2 - 06 - 01 ( 4222 )  we used deal 83388 last january to write off this meter ' s hpl strangers  balances . how should this flow be handled ?
HAM Subject: tw lft overrun request form  the tw lft overrun request form has been reviewed by susan and the final form  is attached below for your records .  toby , can you post this document for tw on the web site under access forms ?  thanks ramona
HAM Subject: re : generation earnings model  michelle ,  i agree with you that we need to run at least 500 iterations . but i did not  realize that it took 16 hours to run 100 iterations . helen and i talked earlier about  using parallel computing technique to split the algorithm into smaller parts and  run the parts separately on different processors , then aggregate the results .  this procedure makes better use of computer power and saves time . looks like  we have to do it this way now . buying a more powerful computer helps but  does not solve the problem .  in addition , we might want to re - consider if writing the code in vb is optimal .  i was assured at the very beginning that vb runs as fast ( if not faster ) as c ,  but some re - assurance from it group on this issue is helpful .  best ,  alex  from : michelle d cisneros @ ect 04 / 09 / 2001 02 : 52 pm  to : alex huang / corp / enron @ enron  cc : gary hickerson , danielle romain  subject : generation earnings model  hi alex -  danielle and i were talking to david m . today regarding running the model for purposes of back testing the results . last week we ran calpine using 46 days of historical forward price data at 10 and 100 iterations . the 100 iteration run took 16 hours to run . to run all 20 companies with the 46 days worth of data and at 100 iterations is estimated to take about 28 days . we are concerned that 100 iterations will not be sufficient and will need to be increased to at least 500 iterations .  we are thinking that we need to use a server or something much more powerful than the test computer we have been using . do you have any suggestions as to how we can improve the process ?  thanks ,  michelle  x 35435  hi alex -  danielle and i were talking to david m . today regarding running the model for purposes of back testing the results . last week we ran calpine using 46 days of historical forward price data at 10 and 100 iterations . the 100 iteration run took 16 hours to run . to run all 20 companies with the 46 days worth of data and at 100 iterations is estimated to take about 28 days . we are concerned that 100 iterations will not be sufficient and will need to be increased to at least 500 iterations .  we are thinking that we need to use a server or something much more powerful than the test computer we have been using . do you have any suggestions as to how we can improve the process ?  thanks ,  michelle  x 35435
HAM Subject: i / b link capacity for 12 / 11  michelle ,  per our earlier conversation , please increase our 27748 mdq from 10 , 000 to 16 , 000 effective 12 / 11 for one day only .  thank you .  julie reames
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ;  start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010512 . txt
HAM Subject: update on mg var model  hi vince ,  thanks for the e - mail . we have included live links to price curves through  reuters quotes via telerate bridge but we still have static curves for gold  and cocoa . kirstee is talking to andreas in ny to obtain position files on a  daily basis , addressing point 2 ) in your e - mail , as well as looking into  longer term integration issues . cantekin and i have agreed the correct  correlations for the metals between us , but cantekin is currently checking  the correlations for silver and gold . preliminary results based on positions  as of 19 th july are as follows :  we noticed that position mapping at the front months can change var  significantly .  as you stated , kirstee hewitt will now be assuming responsibility for further  modifications to the model on the london side and to this end i have ensured  that kirstee is put in touch with key personnel like andreas ( andreas will be  in the london office next week ) and has access to all the information she  needs .  regards ,  anjam ahmad  research  x 35383  spreadsheet :
HAM Subject: meeting follow up  louise :  i enjoyed our meeting this week on ql qbr . if you have any follow up questions , please let me know .  brett contacted me today by e - mail with some cost detail on the ft . pierce unit . i plan to get back to him on monday , but wanted to know if you have reached a decision on how you would like us to proceed with the mhi turbine book . i did have several follow up conversations with chris calger on the topic , and he and i are both on board to proceed based on the approach we discussed in our meeting .  hope all else is well .  regards ,  ben
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ;  start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010315 . txt
HAM Subject: portland doorstep report - finding followed up on  dear ken , leslie ,  it looks like we have gotten to the bottom of the missing documentation ( it  was there , it was quickly available , ken did talk to the right people but  they did not see the urgency of getting the information to ken ) . as a  result , i think we have to rewrite the information related to this issue in  the portland report . let ' s get together for 15 minutes today / tomorrow to  draft a rewrite of these areas .  just as a side note , we need to wait until the report has been changed before  we share the information with portland .  pam - could you organize ken , leslie and i getting together ?  thanks  shona
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 31 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ;  start date : 12 / 31 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123106 . txt  ! ! ! general sql error .  couldn ' t update ; currently locked by user ' admin ' on machine ' ecthou - bps 4 ' .  table  ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress .  ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress .  ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress .  - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - -  * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule .  details :  trans _ type : final  sc _ id : ectstca  mkt _ type : 2  trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01  tie _ point : malin _ 5 _ rndmtn  interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 3000  engy _ type : firm  * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule .  details :  trans _ type : final  sc _ id : ectstsw  mkt _ type : 2  trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01  tie _ point : pverde _ 5 _ devers  interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 5000  engy _ type : wheel  * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule .  details :  trans _ type : final  sc _ id : ectstsw  mkt _ type : 2  trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01  tie _ point : mead _ 2 _ walc  interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 8000  engy _ type : firm  * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule .  details :  trans _ type : final  sc _ id : ectstsw  mkt _ type : 2  trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01  tie _ point : mead _ 2 _ walc  interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 5000  engy _ type : wheel
HAM Subject: power 2000  power 2000 - may 8 - 11  ?  please note to hand in the following by no later than april 24 :  ?  presentation ( s ) ( if you are not giving one , please advise )  biography  speaker checklist  ?  as some portions of materials have already been handed over , please only  turn in what you haven ' t already submitted . please also note that if  emailing a powerpoint presentation , please email it in a 97 version or  lower . ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ?  it is urgent that all your materials be sent by this monday , as the  conference is rapidly approaching . if you have any questions , please contact  me to further discuss . i will be out of the office this thursday and friday  but will be returning on monday . ?  ?  ?  regards ,  amy lamonsoff  conference coordinator  t ( 212 ) 925 - 1864 xl 48  f ( 212 ) 925 - 7585  alamonsoff @ watersinfo . com  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
HAM Subject: enron / hpl actuals for august 9 , 2000  teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 44 . 167 / hpl iferc  ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron
HAM Subject: follow - up on conversation with mark frevert  louise :  i will be completing my assignment in bolivia as president of gas transboliviano at the end of september of this year . currently i am looking for an assignment back to houston . mark asked me to contact you regarding possible position in your organization . i have been with enron for the last 20 years in various business development positions . attached is a copy of my resume . i will be in houston from august 14 th to 17 th and would like to meet with you at your convenience .  regards ,  nasim khan
HAM Subject: hl & p  daren - also , the deal might include san jac ( meter 1554 ) so the ena can be  kept whole .  al  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 06 / 21 / 2000 11 : 02  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  aimee lannou 06 / 21 / 2000 11 : 03 am  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : hl & p  daren - pat gave me a a spreadsheet showing what should be allocated to  greens bayou . i checked the deal ticket ( 286824 ) and it ends on 6 / 17 . there  is still two more days that need to be reallocated . please let me know if  you can extend this deal or create a new one .  thanks .  al
HAM Subject: el paso update  el paso line # 1103  ? the el paso restart approval has switched from the ops to the national transportation safety board ( ntsb ) . the ntsb is currently investigating the explosion to determine a cause to the blast .  ? once cause is established , the project will then shift back to the ops , when they will begin to analyze the data from tests that el paso is currently running . at this point , ops may request el paso to either rerun certain tests or perform further repairs .  ? the individual at ops ( in charge of el paso ' s south mainline ) indicated that all 3 lines were being investigated and tested . ops will begin to analyze the test data one line at a time ( ex . line 1103 will be completely tested , analyzed , and cleared for use before following the same steps for lines 1100 and 1110 ) . the source indicated that as these lines are being tested / repaired the current pressure on the system will not increase but instead be maintained .  ? we are currently developing sources at the ntsb for the following information :  - cause of action ( # 1103 )  - timeframe to determine cause of action
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 2 ;  start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122002 . txt
HAM Subject: re : originations schedule  dear louise and faith  i had a review of the spreadsheet and noticed an error in allocation of value for the central maine power deal . the $ 5 mm of orig value for this deal was incorrectly allocated to jeff ader . this value should be allocated to myself and george wood ( woody ) , who worked with me on the deal . as for the appropriate split between me and woody , i think dave duran and ed baughman should make the call on that ( i believe both dave and ed are on holiday this week ) .  in addition , i had one other deal that did not make it next to my name . this deal involved selling icap in nepool to new england power company and had orig value of $ 40 , 000 . i am trying to find a deal number for this . as we discussed faith , it is possible that the deal for $ 40 k under jeff ader ' s name is in fact this deal , in which case this value should be reallocated to me .  regards  john  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : thu 7 / 5 / 2001 10 : 09 am  to : kitchen , louise  cc : baughman , edward d . ; tingleaf , drew ; kroll , heather ; llodra , john ; marks , david ; duran , w . david ; killen , faith  subject : re : originations schedule  it might be easier to split it out from the dpr numbers as we are running out of time - please give faith and i a split of the attached numbers by originator .  ne power ( llodra / marks ) 9 , 564 , 000  mw power ( baughman ) 4 , 879 , 000  southeast power ( kroll ) 8 , 052 , 000  ercot power ( tingleaf ) 2 , 391 , 000  thanks  louise  louise kitchen  07 / 05 / 2001 08 : 31 am  to : edward d baughman / enron @ enronxgate , drew tingleaf , heather kroll / enron @ enronxgate , john llodra / enron @ enronxgate , david marks / enron @ enronxgate  cc : w david duran / enron @ enronxgate , faith killen / enron @ enronxgate  subject : originations schedule  these are the origination numbers by deal maker that we are using for prc purposes , can you check your guys and let faith know today if there are any discrepencies .  thanks  louise  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 07 / 05 / 2001 08 : 29 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : faith killen / enron @ enronxgate on 07 / 04 / 2001 01 : 54 pm  to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  cc : wes colwell / enron @ enronxgate , tammie schoppe / hou / ect @ ect  subject : originations schedule  hi louise ,  as requested , attached is a file that contains june ytd originations by originator .  we ' ve arranged the file in the following sorts :  ? by team  ? by originator ( sorted alphabetically )  ? by originator ( sorted by value )  ? top 10 overall originators by value  ? top 10 originators - gas  ? top 10 originators - power  an item to note is that not all deals had a related individual ' s name ( such as enduser ) - we left the listing as it appears in the risk book in these cases .  we ' ll send you an update if the dpr amounts move ( the dpr isn ' t final yet . )  please let me know if you need any additional information !  >
HAM Subject: re : greetings from garp  frank ,  looks good .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : frank hayden @ enron 12 / 12 / 2000 11 : 31 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : greetings from garp  vince , this is the announcement i ' m thinking about sending out . is there  anything else you would like to add ?  frank  greetings from garp ! we are having the next meeting january 30 th at enron .  time 6 : 30 pm until 8 : 30 pm  vince kaminski will lead a discussion regarding volatility in the energy  markets .  please rsvp to rita hennessy . her email address is rita . hennessy @ enron . com
HAM Subject: india database  jim / wade ,  as you are aware , i have been working with vince ' s group on the henwood model  data . the target was to have data on all india plants collected by jan . 15 th .  we all know that getting power out o maharashtra holds the key to being able  to solve the dabhol challenge . with all of your help , this model can become  the tool that tells us exactly how that can be done , and at what prices .  we are a substantial part of the way there on data collection , and have got  data of some 1500 plants across the country . the spreadsheet for the same is  attached . this will help you answer any questions that come up in calls  about the various plants . please note that we are located in the western  region , or wr in the spreadsheet . we will be further scrubbing the data and  getting more recent and accurate information , especially on maharashtra over  the next 2 - 3 days .  the henwood team will be in india on sunday , and will compare notes with the  team here . i am arranging for a presentation on the model and what it will  do .  wade - it would be good if a broad section of the team attend , including  neil , yourself and mohan . i will talk to you about a convenient time for you  in this regard .  neil & mohan - over the next week ( monday and tuesday ) i will need some time  from vivek , anshuman , ravi , and a few others , to interact with the henwood  team . i will be abliged if you can make that possible .  the first phase of model runs ( which will be done by jan . end ) will just give  us some more basic information , but i will need all of your inputs in order  to ask the right questions . the idea is that as we go along , this model will  be used to answer all types of management questions concerning dabhol , and  power evacuation out of maharashtra .  this will be critical for the team going forward .  regards ,  sandeep .
HAM Subject: mid - tex deals  hey gang ,  i have created the new deals reflecting the mid - texas meters for the  following deals beginning in january 2000 :  etoco : from hpl meter 393 to mid - texas meter 9738  old sitara deal = 133435  new sitara deal = 163874  richardson : from hpl meter 7283 to mid - texas meter 9807  old sitara deal = 141691  new sitara deal = 164003  mueller : from hpl meter 7260 to mid - texas meter 9769  old sitara deal = 156247 feb . 2000 through june 2000  old sitara deal = 143885 jan . 2000 only  old sitara deal = 143887 jan . 2000 only  new sitara deal = 164172  please take a look at the deals and let me know if i have doubled volumes , or  if there is anything else i need to do to make things work better . . .  o ' neal 3 - 9686
HAM Subject: duke situation  greg ,  action - please call todd reid at duke  background :  below is the situation with duke and subs :  exposure line cash l / c  duke energy marketing lp / ecc ( $ 43 mm ) $ 10 mm $ 52 . 35 mm $ 20 . 5 mm  duke energy trading & marketing / ena ( $ 56 mm ) $ 5 mm $ 61 mm  duke energy trading & marketing / epmi ( $ 260 mm ) $ 20 mm $ 171 mm $ 100 mm  the expiration of the letters of credit are 11 / 30 / 01 . duke believes that since these l / c ' s have less than 20 days to expiry their value should be zero and are asking for additional cash collateral . our view of the contract is that these l / c ' s are good collateral until expiry and should be counted in our outgoing collateral .  the roll of the letter of credit has been delayed as haedicke / mintz get comfortable with the reps under the l / c facility .  duke credit guys are saying that todd reid has not received a return call from you and this holding up a resolution .  bill and louise
HAM Subject: natural gas storage research  i am working on a report aimed at energy marketers that will examine  natural gas storage : effects on energy trading . i am looking for people  who can talk about the importance of this subject to power marketers .  please contact me if you can inform me on any of the following subjects .  i am interested in exploring the following issues :  1 . storage process : transportation , injection , withdrawal  2 . are all storage facilities connected to pipelines ?  3 . description of types of storage facilities : salt caverns ,  above - ground tanks , inactive underground volcano , others  4 . problems that limit underground reservoir effectiveness  5 . historical storage data  6 . contributing factors to storage levels : weather , generation demand ,  reliability concerns  7 . national map of storage facilities and capacities  8 . terms definitions : base gas , working gas , underground storage ,  traditional storage , salt caverns , other relevant terms  9 . impact of storage fluctuations on prices and energy trading  10 . safety issues of natural gas storage  11 . seasonal storage trends  12 . total amount of national storage capacity  13 . future storage capacity needs  14 . lng as storage alternative  15 . technology improvements  16 . who regulated natural gas storage ?  17 . list of storage facility owners  if you are involved with natural gas storage , or are an energy trader  who is affected by natural gas storage , please contact me by november  13 th . thank you in advance for your help !  barbara drazga  independent journalist  denver , colo .  tel : 303 - 369 - 3533  fax : 303 - 369 - 3510  energywriter @ aol . com
HAM Subject: trade count and volume for november 1 , 2001  lindsay renaud  enrononline  ( 713 ) 345 - 3703  
HAM Subject: re : gtv ii  please see the attached file for the revised inception document . i would appreciate any comments . we will be working on the specification of phase 2 once this document is signed off .  thanks  zhiyong  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : monday , march 19 , 2001 11 : 15 am  to : wei , zhiyong  cc : stock , stephen ; storey , geoff ; sullivan , colleen ; perlman , beth ; bibi , philippe a .  subject : re : gtv ii  comments :  zhiyong wei to be added to signature lists .  timeline to include production dates - ie include uat and production roll - out dates .  dependencies - where there are dependencies on other groups ( any interaction required with any group outside of zheiyong ' s ) , these need to be highlighted and a representative from that group needs to sign off on that portion of the timeline ( a representative can not be below director level in the organiztion ) .  there are clearly many people rolling off early in this project who can be utilized for phase ii - i would suggest the specfication for phase ii is completed in the very near future as the majority of the work in this is done in the very short term by the developers and it moves to the test team .  please re - issue today .  louise  from : zhiyong wei / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 16 / 2001 12 : 34 pm  to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate , geoff storey / hou / ect @ ect , colleen sullivan / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : gtv ii  louise ,  attached please find the inception document requested . i would greatly appreciated your comments . i will be consulting colleen and geoff for any necessary revision . i will be requesting signatures on wednesday afternoon , march 21 .  thanks  zhiyong  >  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : schoppe , tammie on behalf of kitchen , louise  sent : tuesday , march 13 , 2001 4 : 24 pm  to : wei , zhiyong  cc : stock , stephen ; storey , geoff ; sullivan , colleen ; perlman , beth ; bibi , philippe a .  subject : gtv ii  i understand we have now finalized 90 % requirements on the gtv ii .  please could we pull together the format inception document this week for signature on your meeting next week with geof and colleen .  document to include all requirements , dependencies and timelines .  i would suggest whoever is writing this spend some time with geof this week .  please circulate to draft all listed above including me .  thanks ,  louise
HAM Subject: wapa cut on 6 - 2 - 01  dear st _ sw traders ,  fyi -  there was a cut on deal # 622350 . 1 on june 2 , 2001 for he 11 . it was a real time cut that reduced the schedule from 40 mw to 25 mw . mirant is at fault for the cut . ( our up - stream is pac ) .  we originally thought that this got booked out between mirant and wapa , but when i spoke with kathy yesterday , she informed me that there was no bookout and that they want to cut the schedule . ( the people involved during the cut were geir at epmi , bob at pac , emily at mirant , and jackie for wapa ( jackie is a control area dispatcher , so she cannot do bookouts for wapa , hence there was no bookout ) ) .  we have agreed that to cut the schedule will be the best for now . they do not plan on charging us ld ' s ( she ' s checking with her boss to make sure . ) we will just reduce the schedules to 25 for he 11 .  it is up to you if you want to charge ld ' s to mirant for the spread .  just wanted to let you know and get your input .  virginia
HAM Subject: eugenio perez  hi cath  can you do me a favour ? sally is proposing eugenio for the risk manager role  in the japan office . joe hirl has asked me to track down his most recent  performance reviews . can you get hold of copies asap and fax them to me ( 63  2 9229 2352 ) ?  thanks and regards  phil
HAM Subject: re : tw security access request  your access request has been completed , please let me know if your have any  problems .  maggie  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by maggie matheson / et & s / enron on 01 / 08 / 2001  04 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ets dba  01 / 08 / 2001 03 : 08 pm  sent by : margaret waters  to : hottap helpdesk / et & s / enron @ enron  cc : maggie matheson / et & s / enron @ enron , ets solution center / ots / enron @ enron ,  linda trevino / et & s / enron @ enron  subject : re : tw security access request  done . please verify the access .  margaret  hottap helpdesk 01 / 08 / 2001 01 : 04 pm  sent by : deborah dunten  to : maggie matheson / et & s / enron @ enron , ets dba / et & s / enron @ enron , ets solution  center / ots / enron @ enron  cc : linda trevino / et & s / enron @ enron  subject : re : tw security access request  both ids  mlokay michelle lokay  khyatt kevin hyatt  have appropriate group access on twl .  they will need to be setup in the databases and may need addtional access on  gta  deborah  hottap helpdesk  3 - 6063  maggie matheson  01 / 08 / 2001 11 : 29 am  to : hottap helpdesk / et & s / enron @ enron , linda trevino  cc : kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron  subject : tw security access request  please process the requests below and let us know when access request has  been completed .  thanks ,  maggie
HAM Subject: ibuyit activity for the week of october 12 th ( co . 413 )  louise ,  attached is the ibuyit weekly activity report for co . 413 .  please advise if you have any questions .  thanks  john
HAM Subject: revised services for executive support  executive desktop support services have been streamlined due to recent organizational changes . the attached document outlines the revised service offerings .  if you have any questions , please contact carolyn evans , executive support manager , at ext . 57520 .  we appreciate your cooperation in this matter .  lametrice dopson  global infrastructure - senior director  enron networks  713 - 853 - 6924
HAM Subject: contact details for enron japan  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by loretta brelsford / enron _ development on  03 / 08 / 2000 08 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " tomoko shigeta " on 03 / 08 / 2000 03 : 17 : 20 am  to : " wrobel bruce " , " awano hiroo "  , " tatsuro seguchi " , " row  james . c . " , " sloan carey " ,  " mishiro yousuke " , " ogiwara yasunobu "  , " yoshisako yuji " ,  " uchida yoshiyasu " , " shirota toru "  , " nakamura tetsuro " ,  " kaneda takehisa " , " fujinaga takashi "  , " suzuki makoto " ,  " kobayashi koji " , " kuwabara jun "  , " sueyoshi hiroaki " ,  " sampei hidenori " , " arai daisuke "  , " maehara yuuki " , " ikemi yuko "  , " sumie uchiyama " , " inoue  noriko " , " miyamoto kyoko "  cc : " hirl joseph p . " , " o ' day nicholas "  , " aronowitz alan " ,  " loretta brelsford " , " goodpaster sarah "  , " grimes mike " , " anai  rousseau " , " shari "  subject : contact details for enron japan  to all  ?  enron japan has moved across the temporary office at kamiyacho from tuesday  7 th march .  please find the contact details for enron japan ? as follows :  ?  direct in :  joe hirl : 03 - 5404 - 3818 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 5404 - 3818 )  nick o ' day : 03 - 5404 - 3820 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 5404 - 3820 )  mike grimes : 03 - 5404 - 3813 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 5404 - 3813 )  seth hurwitz : 03 - 5404 - 3814 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 5404 - 3814 )  rousseau anai : 03 - 5404 - 3812 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 5404 - 3812 ) it is available  on thursday ( 9 th ) afternoon .  tomoko shigeta : 03 - 5404 - 3816 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 5404 - 3816 )  ?  mobile phone :  joe : 090 - 4073 - 6761 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 90 - 4073 - 6761 )  nick : 090 - 4067 - 9870 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 90 - 4067 - 9870 )  ?  fax number :  03 - 5404 - 3401 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 5404 - 3401 )  ?  address :  enron japan  c / o regus kamiyacho  14 th floor , kamiyacho mori building  4 - 3 - 20 , toranomon , minato - ku , tokyo 105 - 0001 japan  ?  hotel :  hotel okura  switchboard : 03 - 3582 - 0111 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 3582 - 0111 )  fax : 01 - 3589 - 0373 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 3589 - 0373 )  ?  if you have any questions please let me know .  thank you .  ?  tomoko shigeta  ?  ?  ?  ?
HAM Subject: subscription renewals  vince :  do you want to renew the below listed subscriptions ?  please let me know .  thanks  shirley  shirley ,  i hope you had a good weekend . the following subscriptions for vince are up  for renewal . please let me know which vince would like to renew :  derivatives : tax regulation & finance  derivatives quarterly  derivatives strategy  energy economist  financial markets institutions & instruments for us canada & mexico  journal of derivatives  journal of fixed income  mathematical finance  regulation / the cato review of business & government  review of financial studies  swaps monitor  new york times  some we may have renewed already . call me with any questions .  thank you  susan
HAM Subject: re : erms resources  sally ,  as i told you last week , i laid a big egg and " put the cat amongst the  pigeons " as steve stock put it . phillipe called a meeting with rick ( and  me ) , debbie brackett and steve yesterday to " clear the air " . while he  pledged to be attentive to the problem ( as i articulated ) , he still focused  on fixing process which i fear gets us to where we thought we were as opposed  to where we need to be . i continue to believe that not only are there things  just plain broken , but what we have gotten used to as " acceptable " is now  inadequate . this includes the ability for " human " systems and processes to  be automated to avoid stupid downstream data problems as well as improve  analytics . you will be cordially invited to be ( another ) weekly meeting that  both rick and phillipe plan to attend to monitor and guide progress .  ted  enron north america corp .  from : sally beck 08 / 28 / 2000 06 : 48 pm  to : stephen stock / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect  cc : ( bcc : ted murphy / hou / ect )  subject : erms resources  i heard today that curtis smith has resigned . i am sure that both ot you  know that curtis and jeremy wong were viewed by users as critical resources  for erms support . even at a stand still , my team had great concern over the  rumored loss of curtis and / or jeremy . and with the assumption that sitara  will not go forward for valuation , then erms really has become repositioned  as one of our key , strategic systems . there is much to do to " catch up " , if  you will , with changes and enhancements that were put on hold for several  years during the sitara development stage . and our business continues to  grow and change rapidly , requiring responsive enhancements on an on - going  basis .  i would like to get together to discuss the staffing plan for support of erms  as soon as possible . we need to understand how day - to - day production  support will be managed and how development work will be effectively  handled .  i will ask my assistant to set up a meeting as soon as possible .
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 11 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ;  start date : 1 / 11 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011108 . txt
HAM Subject: re : nomination 2 / 4 / 2000  the below nomination is for 2 / 4 / 2000 . sorry .  bruce mcmills  02 / 03 / 2000 10 : 50 am  to : dfarmer @ enron . com , briley @ enron . com , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec ,  william  e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec  cc : michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec  subject : nomination 2 / 3 / 2000  this is to nominate 33 , 500 mmbtu for 2 / 3 / 2000 from hpl at the eastrans  interconnect .  this equates to about 30 , 700 mcf .  like mmbtu ' s will be redelivered at fuels cotton valley ( 8 , 500 ) and p g & e at  the carthage  tailgate for 25 , 000 mmbtu .
HAM Subject: re : confidential  thanks - eric mentioned that dynegy had been pursuing him . we did however sign up eric on a  three year agreement last week . too bad about jonathon but given his back to back  experiences in japan and lng it was probably a good move on his part .  john  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : 19 october 2001 02 : 22  to : sherriff , john  subject : confidential  heads up , i spoke to jonathon this evening . i confirmed that dynegy had been speaking to eric shaw at length . i think the only reason jonathan got the job was that he asked for less money .  speak soon  l
HAM Subject: re : fw : too funny not to send  " trofholz , elizabeth " on 11 / 15 / 2000 08 : 18 : 47 am  to : " ' pat . clynes @ enron . com ' "  cc :  subject : fw : too funny not to send  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : steelyl [ mailto : steelyl @ pdq . net ]  sent : tuesday , november 14 , 2000 5 : 06 pm  to : cgall @ swbell . net ; jojotemple @ aol . com ; r . lee steely md ;  rktf @ aol . com ; trofholz , elizabrth a ; andy andrau ; charles cusack ;  ethelyn kuldell ; julie zinck ; lisa kern ; marcie dasher ; marco lopez ;  mona manchester  subject : fwd : too funny not to send  subject : press release from kyle field  college station , tx ( ap ) - r . c . slocum and the texas a & m aggies are  demanding a recount of the game in which oklahoma won 35 to 31 . " the end  zones were confusing , " says slocum . " i ' m sure that some of the touchdowns  that went in oklahoma ' s end zone were meant to go into ours . we were  scoring in those end zones also . oklahoma would never have scored  thirty - five points . there ' s no way we lost this one . a & m demands a  recount . "  oklahoma officials are calling this " outrageous " . " they agreed to the size ,  shape and locations of the end zones prior to kick - off , " replies ou coach  bob stoops . " if they had a problem with them , they should have said so  before we started . you don ' t get to keep playing until you ' re happy with  the outcome . someone had to lose . we ' ve scored over thirty - five points  many times . "  a & m has sent lawyers , farmers , and those guys in the funny boots as well as  that damn dog down to kyle field , where the scoreboard will be tested . " we  are confident that when the points are re - totaled , we will be the winner of  the game , " says slocum .  ou also points out that in many games prior to this one , the same end zones  were used . " they didn ' t have a problem with the end zones until they lost , "  says stoops .  outside of kyle field , a & m student protesters have gathered outside bearing  signs such as , " a & m wants a fair game ! whoooooop ! " students ' thoughts  echoed their signs . " all we want is a fair total of the points before we  declare a winner , " says student karen hays , an aggie from marfa . " we need  to proceed cautiously and not rush to judgment before we declare a winner . "  abc , around 2 : 00 pm central time , had mistakenly declared a & m the winner ,  despite the slim 3 point lead the aggies held at that point . at about 2 : 30  pm , with the game still too close to call , abc had to back off its  prediction .  college football analyst brent musburger made the call . " we felt that with  a number of points still not added in by jamaar tombs and the aggies , we  were certain a & m would carry this game . we may have been premature in our  prediction . "  gig ' em  - jenkens & gilchrist e - mail confidentiality notice -  this transmission may be : ( 1 ) subject to the attorney - client privilege , ( 2 )  an attorney work product , or ( 3 ) strictly confidential . if you are not the  intended recipient of this message , you may not disclose , print , copy or  disseminate this information . if you have received this in error , please  reply and notify the sender ( only ) and delete the message . unauthorized  interception of this e - mail is a violation of federal criminal law .  susan steely  project : promotions  p . o . box 570728  houston , tx 77257  713 . 784 . 4020  713 . 784 . 4716 fax
HAM Subject: metro bus passes and woodlands express passes available effective  friday , december 28 , 2001  enron employees not participating in contract parking are eligible to receive metro bus passes or woodlands express passes . you may pick up a bus pass from the parking & transportation desk , on level 3 of the enron building , from 8 : 30 am to 4 : 30 pm .  all metro passes offered through the enron parking & transportation desk will be the metro 30 day zone pass . when you use a 30 - day zone pass , bus service is divided into four zones w / unlimited rides . the zone pass is time activated , which means that it will not become active until the first time it is used and will not expire until 30 days after it was used for the first time . new passes will be available to enron employees upon expiration of the 30 day time period . each zone does have a different fare values based on the distance the bus travels . this is important to any buser who wants to transfer to or travel in a higher - cost zone than the zone pass they have , in this case the difference must be paid in cash . if they are traveling in a lower cost zone , then there is no extra cost .  parking & transportation desk  3 - 7060
HAM Subject: global octanes  finished visiting with counsel . . . . . we will need to start with the buyback  for global octanes 9 am tomorrow
HAM Subject: municipal question  louise ,  chris calger mentioned that you had some questions regarding fort pierce and restrictions on their ability to assume liability by virtue of their status as a municipality . i don ' t know if i ' ve charactrized this correctly , but i ' ve never heard of such a restriction , although it may be a florida law provision i ' ve never come across . if i can be of any help running this to ground please let me know .  mike
HAM Subject: hl & p  attached are the most recent numbers .
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 21 ;  start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121721 . txt
HAM Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback  note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer .  you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance  management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s )  that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in  the performance management process , and your participation is very critical  to the success of enron ' s performance management goals .  please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the  performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as  described in the " performance management quick reference guide " . you may  begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms  completed by the date noted below .  if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the  process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers :  in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4  in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4  in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only )  or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com  thank you for your participation in this important process .  the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback  requests , by operating company , that have an " open " feedback status . an  employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback  form and select the " submit " button in pep .  review group : enron  feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000  employee name supervisor name date selected  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ahmad , anjam dale surbey may 22 , 2000  carson , margaret m james d steffes may 26 , 2000  ghosh , soma timothy davies may 31 , 2000  vernon , clayton j vasant shanbhogue may 26 , 2000  yuan , ding richard l carson jun 02 , 2000  zipter , rudi c theodore r murphy may 25 , 2000
HAM Subject: dpr delivery time graph  sally ,  we would like to send you this graph periodically . please let me know how  often you would like it . it will track our dpr delivery times and provide  explanations for any delays we experience . we have made some progress this  last week .  mike
HAM Subject: re : anniversary  ok - - being the one that probably doesn ' t really have the dollars to do this i  would still say " yes " - - - - will try to make room on a credit card for  this - - have until june so i think it is ok . . . . .  will call the picture lady tomorrow and see what the price would be for  that - - will email you the results .  sista cindy  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : white , cara [ mailto : cwhite @ texas . usta . com ]  sent : wednesday , february 14 , 2001 3 : 35 pm  to : ' cwhite @ viviance . com ' ; ' sally . beck @ enron . com '  subject : anniversary  hi , sistas -  here ' s the scoop on the josephine house :  we can reserve with just a credit card ; no deposit required .  parties under 20 : $ 200 room fee . $ 50 valet parking fee .  i confirmed " 17 " with mom .  heidi sent some sample menus . a 3 - course menu ( appetizer or salad , entree ,  dessert ) is $ 45 .  a 4 - course ( same as 3 - course plus hors d ' oeuvres ) sample menu is $ 52 .  each menu could include a choice of three or four options per course . the  food sounds really good .  so , here ' s a guess at cost :  17 people at $ 45 = $ 765  beverages = $ 200  gratuity = $ 193  valet = $ 50  room rental = $ 200  total $ 1408 , or $ 469 per family if we divide it into  thirds  what do you guys think ? should we explore other options - or just go with  this ? i think chris and i would be fine with this sort of cost - but  probably couldn ' t go crazy with gift and decorations too . so , if we really  want to do the photo ( s ) - do we have a cost for these yet ? , we may want to  consider other options . thoughts ? - cara  cara white  community development coordinator  usta texas section  1 - 888 - 883 - 6388  cwhite @ texas . usta . com
HAM Subject: draft press release : allegheny signs tolling agreement with nevada  generating facility  these guys move fast . besides requiring a little editing , i told allegheny that we would prefer to wait till monday so that we have time to place phone calls to agencies / gov officials in nevada before it hits the wires . i dont think we need to mention enron in the release . i will copy you on a later draft .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christopher f calger / pdx / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 07 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jennifer walker @ enron  05 / 04 / 2001 07 : 31 am  to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : draft press release : allegheny signs tolling agreement with nevada generating facility  chris :  per my voicemail , attached is the press release regarding allegheny ' s 15 - year natural gas tolling agreement with enron ' s las vegas congeneration facility . please note that enron is not mentioned in the release .  according to allegheny , this deal was closed this morning at 6 am . at this point , allegheny is not sure if they are even going to issue this release , but they would like our approval just in case they decide to move forward and release it . if they do decide to issue the release , they are aiming to do so today . therefore , please provide your comments to me asap .  thanks in advance for your help and please contact me with any questions .  jennifer walker  enron public relations  713 . 853 . 9964
HAM Subject: fyi  " how much do firms hedge with derivatives ? "  by : wayne r . guay  university of pennsylvania  s . p . kothari  massachusetts institute of technology  document : available from the ssrn electronic paper collection :  date : march 2001  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html
HAM Subject: flow change for fuels cotton valley redeliveries into hpl  saturday , march 3 , the redeliveries into hpl from fuels cotton valley for  the eastrans deal will increase to approximately 19500 mmbtu / dy . this  change should continue through march 5 th or 6 th . the reason for the change  is an operational emergency . defs typically delivers approximately 12200  mmbtu / dy into txu lone star . this delivery will not be able to occur  because the alford b compressor needs to get into the shop for maintenance .  this compressor will be out of commission for the month of march . the  busby compressor will compress the usual 7300 mmbtu / dy of fuels cotton  valley redelivery gas as well as the 12200 mmbtu / dy of txu lone star  redelivery gas . a different redelivery point with txu lone star is being  established and should be available by march 5 th or 6 th . at this point in  time , we will take the hpl fuels cotton valley redelivery gas to zero and  balance the redeliveries between the two points . therefore , defs will not  change the delivery or redelivery nominations in place for eastrans . after  the new txu lone star redelivery point is put into place and the points are  volume balanced , it is our intent to have redeliveries of 7300 mmbtu / dy  from fuels cotton valley and 22700 mmbtu / dy into pg & e ( which is what is in  place effective 3 / 1 / 01 ) for eastrans .
HAM Subject: coi , path 15 , path 26 de - rates  after the day ahead market ran , the coi branch group ttc in the ( n - s )  direction was changed from 4100 mw to 4000 mw ; and path 15 in the ( s - n )  direction was reduced by 500 mw each hour , and in the ( n - s ) direction was  changed from 1275 mw to 1100 mw ; and path 26 in the ( n - s ) direction was  changed from 3000 mw to 2500 mw for he ' s 1100 through 2100 for operating day  7 / 30 / 01 . the reason for the change is they are forced out for emergency  maintenance . the first applicable hour ahead market to run with these  values is he 1500 . the iso will update you of any changes in line rating  status . sent by market operations , inquiries please call the hour ahead  desk .  the system conditions described in this communication are dynamic and  subject to change . while the iso has attempted to reflect the most current ,  accurate information available in preparing this notice , system conditions  may change suddenly with little or no notice .
HAM Subject: global operations controller forum  save the date ! october 22 - 24 has been reserved for the enron - wide  operations controller forum to be held in houston at the warwick hotel . to  accommodate the desired travel schedule of our attendees outside the houston  office , the forum will kick - off the evening of sunday , october 22 . we will  have a full day and evening on monday , october 23 , and the forum will  conclude mid - afternoon on tuesday , october 24 .  many key enron players will join us for portions of the forum . speakers  confirmed to date are jeff skilling , rick causey , ted murphy and bill  bradford .  details will follow in the next few days . all hotel accommodations will be  arranged by patti and charges for these will be absorbed by my cost center .  please make your own airline reservations .  i look forward to seeing you at the forum . this will be a unique opportunity  to get know your counterparts from the wholesale , retail , and broadband  segments of enron , with contingents from the u . s . , canada , england ,  australia , and japan .  sally
HAM Subject: prom dress shopping  please respond to hi , just wanted to let you know that lacy ' s sugar levels are staying up pretty well . she was down to 51 this morning , but she took a shot last night & i guess she didn ' t eat enough ice cream . she was mad at me cause i didn ' t give her more than i did . but it ' s so hard to know exactly how to handle it ' cause she ' s been going to bed a little high & getting up a little high . but anyway , she ' s doing better & i guess she ' ll always be mad & think i ' m mistreating her . i stay stressed out every day not knowing if she got low after i left & passed out & no one would know it . i ' m going to try to get a cell phone & have her call me when she gets there - - i think - - i don ' t know - - she ' ll be mad about that too . but the other night , she didn ' t eat right after she took her shot , then didn ' t eat anything fast acting & got in the truck to go over to phillip ' s to get research info from his computer , got low & had to pull over & eat sugar tabs . so that ' s what scares me . she knew to eat righ !  t after she took that shot & didn ' t . but she was high before she took it & i guess she didn ' t think about it getting low . i don ' t know what will happen to her when she leaves home .  but anyway , i wanted to let you know that we ' re going to dallas to look for the prom dress & shoes , don ' t know if we will stay all night or not . i haven ' t talked to shane & shelley . i wanted to stay & go to saturn rd . to church & go to the singles class . but i don ' t know what shane & shelley have planned . so we ' ll be back either sat . night or sun . lacy has to be back to work on 3 research papers & projects that are all due at once . so , wish us luck . any donations will be appreciated ! i hear they ' re more than i was expecting . but anyway , i don ' t intend to go overboard . maybe there will be some sales .  hope my grandsons are doing ok . i bet they were glad that their daddy got back home sunday . hug them for me & tell cole that mimi can ' t wait to see his bunkbeds . love ya ' ll
HAM Subject: ken lay resigns from board  ken lay announced today that he has resigned from enron ' s board of directors . his resignation is effective immediately .  in a press release , ken said , " i want to see enron survive and successfully emerge from reorganization . due to the multiple inquiries and investigations , some of which are focused on me personally , i believe that my involvement has become a distraction to achieving this goal . "  he added , " my concern is for current and former enron employees and other stakeholders , and i feel that it is in their best interest for me to step down from the board . "
HAM Subject: fw : 3 rd qtr comparison  hi louise ,  attached is the q 3 2000 vs . q 3 2001 information you requested . since we are only two weeks into q 3 , though , we have included the month of june as well to get a better set of numbers . just let me know if this is what you need .  thanks ,  torrey  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : moorer , torrey  sent : tuesday , july 17 , 2001 10 : 20 am  to : webb , jay  cc : puthigai , savita  subject : fw : 3 rd qtr comparison  hi jay ,  attached is the expanded data set for louise , to include june as well as the first two weeks of q 3 2000 and 2001 .  just let me know if you ' re okay with it and i can forward a copy of it to louise as well .  thanks ,  torrey  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : levy , laura  sent : tuesday , july 17 , 2001 10 : 11 am  to : moorer , torrey  subject : re : 3 rd qtr comparison  torrey ,  attached is the updated information with the june values added to the previous values entered .
HAM Subject: re : summer internship  dr . kaminski ,  thank you very much .  of course , i ' ll be happy to have an opportunity  to work at such a wonderful company .  i was contacting with surech raghavan at deal bench team ,  and was going to express my appreciation to you again  after settling down process with them .  for the period of working ,  i still need to coordinate with my advisor and  may need to adjust according to that .  but anyway , i ' ll try to coordinate smoothly .  please let me know whether i should keep contacting  with deal bench team ,  for working period and  for misc . living support such as finding a place , rent a car , etc .  i appreciate you so much again ,  for arranging such meetings and giving me an opportunity .  all this opportunity will not be available to me ,  without your kind help .  warm regards ,  jinbaek  jinbaek kim  ph . d candidate  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  u . c . berkeley  http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  go bears !  : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' .  : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  ` . ' " ' ;  ` . ' ;  ` . ` : ` ;  . ` . ; ; : ;  . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > hello ,  >  > sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  > we would like very much to offer you a summer internship .  >  > please , let me know if you are interested .  >  > vince kaminski  >  >
HAM Subject: re : deferred compensation scheme for uk nationals  kim bolton and pam butler .  thanks !  mary  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : callahan , timothy  sent : friday , april 06 , 2001 6 : 09 pm  to : joyce , mary  cc : lynch , drew ; gilchrist , scott ; kitchen , louise ; oxley , david ; chuck . k . debenon @ us . pwcglobal . com  subject : deferred compensation scheme for uk nationals  mary ,  pwc has introduced a deferred compensation scheme to louise kitchen that would allow uk foreign nationals to defer income tax free under certain circumstances . they will be sending over details on monday . the idea would involve the existing enron deferred compensation plans . let us know who we should work with on your team . we will be moving quickly on this .  regards ,
HAM Subject: fw : darwin 50 article  fyi . . . great article !  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : meyer , vance  sent : fri 10 / 5 / 2001 6 : 39 pm  to : denne , karen ; gagliardi , larry ; haux , katrin ; ambler , john ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; philipp , meredith ; piper , greg ; richter , brad ; shah , kal ; beck , sally ; noland , john ; pickering , mark  cc :  subject : darwin 50 article  pls see article in darwin .  eol still has the juice !  vance
HAM Subject: fw : product name  fyi : copy of email i sent to pat o ' donnell .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : forster , david  sent : wednesday , january 30 , 2002 12 : 06 pm  to : ' pat . odonnell @ ubsw . com '  subject : product name  pat ,  i remain concerned that we should proactively promote a short product name .  i realise this is not consistent with group ' s position .  some considerations :  - if we do not promote a short name , the market will do it for us . noone is going to refer to the system as " the online trading platform for ubs warburg energy " . they will find something 4 syllables or less .  - this is a system which had a very high profile and unique identity within the industry . downtime is reported in the trade press . numerous general news articles referenced it . whether we want the " product " to have a unique identity or not , it will have one , and we should control it to the extent we can .  - enrononline was more than just a means of doing business with enron . it was recognised by many as a kind of " marketplace " , which provided a unique combination of liquidity , pricing and ease of transaction . the market will look to our new system as the replacement for this marketplace and the marketplace needs a name .  - some segments of the market are already starting to use their own short form during informal conversation . they have selected " ubsol " . as discussed , i think it is in our best interest to aggresively provide the market with a replacement for this . to do otherwise means we will shortly be stuck with this name and it will be very difficult to " unstick " .  - there are significant volumes of online and offline documentation ( help , etc . ) for which it is helpful to have a name by which to refer to the collection of people , processes , internal trading tools , reporting applications , administration applications , and website . it is important to note that the website , though the most visible part , is only one part of the overall " system " which was enrononline .  i understand how an extremely large corporation such as ubs would be concerned with the proliferation of product names , which could be confusing when looking at all of them on a single list . however , many of our customers will have exposure to only a few ubs products , and for the individuals at those companies , most will have exposure to only one : the trading system .  dave
HAM Subject: sec information / earnings restatement  today we released additional information about our related party and off - balance sheet transactions . we have made this information available both on our website and in a form 8 - k filing with the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) .  the information provides further details about :  - - the $ 1 . 2 billion charge to shareholders ' equity announced in the third quarter and the transactions related to that charge ;  - - a restatement of prior years ' financial statements to reflect this reduction in shareholders ' equity , the consolidation of three entities and prior year proposed audit adjustments and reclassifications ;  - - the special committee appointed by the enron board of directors to review transactions between enron and related parties ;  - - the ljm limited partnerships , including a discussion of transactions between enron and ljm entities ; and  - - transactions between enron and other enron employees .  this information addresses a number of concerns that have been raised by our shareholders and the sec . as our board ' s new special committee continues its review of various matters , we will continue to cooperate fully with the sec in its investigation , and we will continue to respond to investor requests so that they can evaluate , appreciate and appropriately value the strength of our core businesses .  restatement of earnings  based on information that we have recently obtained , enron and its auditors determined that certain off - balance sheet entities should have been included in enron ' s consolidated financial statements pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles . as a result , enron will restate its financial statements from 1997 to 2000 and for the first and second quarters of 2001 . these restatements have no material effect on enron ' s current financial position . here are some details included in the filing :  net income for each period will be impacted by the retroactive consolidation of joint energy development investments ( jedi ) and chewco beginning in november 1997 , the consolidation of an ljml subsidiary for 1999 and 2000 and prior year proposed audit adjustments . enron ' s current assessment indicates that the restatement will include :  - - a reduction of approximately $ 96 million in 1997  - - a reduction of approximately $ 113 million in 1998  - - a reduction of approximately $ 250 million in 1999  - - a reduction of approximately $ 132 million in 2000  - - an increase of approximately $ 17 million for the first quarter of 2001  - - an increase of approximately $ 5 million for the second quarter of 2001  - - a reduction of $ 17 million for the third quarter of 2001 .  the consolidation of jedi and chewco also will increase enron ' s debt by approximately $ 711 million in 1997 , $ 561 million in 1998 , $ 685 million in 1999 and $ 628 million in 2000 .  the restatement will have no material impact on enron ' s reported earnings for the nine - month period ending september 2001 .  you can obtain more detailed information on the items described above by accessing the form 8 - k filing at .  we will continue to review our strategic , operational and financial position , and we will continue to keep you updated on any developments .
HAM Subject: fw : southwest power update  we signed last night with black hills energy capital . they have till 5 : 00 pm thursday to deliver either the lc or the corp guaranty .  chris calger  503 - 464 - 3735  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : calger , christopher f .  sent : monday , june 18 , 2001 5 : 39 pm  to : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; schneider , chip ; colwell , wes ; deffner , joseph  subject : southwest power update  we are not done . on friday when we were prepared to sign , black hills energy capital said they needed until today to get a signature from their parent , black hills corp . at noon today they said that the signature was on its way . at 4 : 00 pm we heard that they will issue a l / c instead of the corp guarantee . the l / c approach is fine , but i am concerned with this flaky behavior .  our plan is to sign the purchase and sale with black hills energy capital tonight / tomorrow morning . they would have the obligation to deliver either a gurantee or an l / c for $ 15 mm by thursday . if not , we can terminate at any time prior to close of business monday . i will update when something changes .  chris calger  503 - 464 - 3735
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ;  start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122907 . txt  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .
HAM Subject: fw : matrix of long - term ( exotic ) options trading  hi ,  it was nice meeting you all on yesterday at your weekly meeting .  as promised i am attaching a " shopping list " ( or a " cheat sheet " - according to heather ) of the various options pricing models we have at our disposal on the options trading desk .  please give me a call if you wish to discuss these products in more details .  kind regards ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : mack , iris  sent : friday , august 31 , 2001 1 : 07 pm  to : black , tamara jae ; ' / o = enron / ou = na / cn = recipients / cn = notesaddr / cn = a 478079 f - 55 elf 3 bo - 862566 fa - 612229 ' ; abler , william ; allen , diana ; arora , harry ; ballato , russell ; ballinger , ted ; baughman jr . , don ; benjelloun , hicham ; benson , robert ; bentley , corry ; blaine , jay ; broderick , paul j . ; broussard , richard ; burnett , lisa ; campbell , larry f . ; carson , mike ; chen , alan ; choate , jason ; cline , kevin ; collins , dustin ; comeaux , keith ; coulter , kayne ; davis , mark dana ; day , smith l . ; dean , clint ; decook , todd ; diaz iii , george ; dorland , chris ; errigo , joe ; finger , michael ; forney , john m . ; garcia , miguel l . ; gilbert , gerald ; gilbert - smith , doug ; grace , john ; greer , andrew ; gualy , jaime ; guerra , claudia ; gupta , gautam ; hanse , patrick ; hernandez , juan ; imai , rika ; kandolha , andrew ; kaniss , jason ; katz , randy ; king , jeff ; kinser , john ; laurent , dean ; laverell , justin ; lenartowicz , chris ; lorenz , matt ; lotz , gretchen ; mahajan , ashish ; makkai , peter ; may , tom ; mcelreath , alexander ; miller , jeffrey ; mrema , chris ; olinde jr . , steve ; pace , andy ; padron , juan ; philip , willis ; podurgiel , laura ; poppa , john d . ; presto , kevin m . ; quenet , joe ; rodriquez , andy ; rogers , benjamin ; rust , bill ; ryan , david ; saibi , eric ; schiavone , paul ; serio , erik ; shoemake , lisa ; smith , eric ; stalford , robert ; stepenovitch , joe ; sturm , fletcher j . ; symms , mark ; tamma , ramanarao ; thomas , paul d . ; valdes , maria ; vernon , clayton ; wade , jewell ; wang , steve ; willis , cory ; wolfe , jeff ; zipperer , mike ; imai , rika ; benjelloun , hicham ; cline , kevin ; gualy , jaime ; will , lloyd ; kaniss , jason ; williams , ryan ; oh , seung - taek ; schiavone , paul ; philip , willis ; willis , cory ; hoog , david ; chen , hai ; abramo , caroline ; jacoby , ben ; tapscott , ron ; whitaker , rick ; baughman , edward d . ; clynes , terri ; sewell , doug ; abler , william ; kelly , michael ; kelly , michael g ; llodra , john ; wheeler , rob ; politis , nick ; dutta , tom ; kroll , heather ; rorschach , reagan ; marshall , howard ; acevedo , rudy ; curry , mike ; meyn , jim ; herrera , fernando ; trefz , greg ; hiemstra , nick  subject : re : matrix of long - term ( exotic ) options trading  hi ,  i have already met with some of you to discuss long - term ( exotic ) options trades .  as per your request , i am attaching a " shopping list " of a variety of options trades that the power options desk is capable of pricing .  please feel free to contact me if you wish to discuss these options products and how they may be used to help your clients develop customized risk management tools .  thanks ,  iris  x 3 - 6711
HAM Subject: michael sergeev ' s rotation  hi mike , as per our discussion i have managed to find a place for michael in  ebs ' d . c . office . it is likely that he will work for me on the ebs side but  will live in d . c . i will finalize that later . vince had mentioned that it  is okay with him as long as it is okay with you . so please double check with  vince on this .  i suggest the following transition :  start date in d . c . may 1 , 2000  from now till the start date , michael will slowly transition into my group  but make sure that your activities are transitioned into someone else . but i  would like to propose the may 1 , 2000 date as hard start so that michael will  have to start moving few days before that , etc .  regards ,  ravi .
HAM Subject: re : gas accord scoping memo issued  steve , i agree and will monitor this proceeding as suggested . we did enter an appearance in this docket and therefore have the right to file comments or participate in the event that an issue arises which we want to address or protest . gh  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : harris , steven  sent : wednesday , february 27 , 2002 3 : 57 pm  to : kilmer iii , robert ; hass , glen ; rapp , bill ; lokay , michelle  cc : gregg klatt  subject : re : gas accord scoping memo issued  after reviewing the list of issues to be addressed , it looks like we would want to keep an eye on this proceeding but i don ' t think we will need to take an active position . if you see anything that may directly impact the value of our capacity or access to our system through pg harris , steven ; hass , glen ; rapp , bill  cc : gregg klatt  subject : gas accord scoping memo issued  the commission issued its scoping memo today in the pg & e gas accord ii proceeding . attached is a memorandum that describes the significant aspects of the ruling . after you have had a chance to review it , we look forward to discussing what role transwestern may wish to take in this proceeding .  dan  law offices of daniel w . douglass  5959 topanga canyon blvd . suite 244  woodland hills , ca 91367  tel : ( 818 ) 596 - 2201  fax : ( 818 ) 346 - 6502  cell : ( 818 ) 422 - 2016  douglass @ energyattorney . com  - 02 - 26 - 02 memo re scoping ruling . doc >
HAM Subject: manual wire & same day payment authorization schedule  attached is the new list of authorized signers as of 9 / 15 / 00
HAM Subject: organizational statistics  attached is an organizational statistics summary for the first half of 2001 . the hr organization has been working to develop meaningful reporting of trends in our employee population . a few highlights from this report :  the employee base continues to grow ( though on a significantly slower pace than 2000 ) .  terminations ( voluntary and involuntary ) are up dramatically this year .  our " contribution loss " ( a statistic which uses terminations weighted by the performance ratings of those leaving ) has gone up , indicating that we are losing more high performers than in previous periods . however , those departures of high performers are concentrated in areas of substantial reorganizations ( ebs , the former ee & cc and hpl ) .  let us know if you would like to see additional items on the report or if you have questions about the data .
HAM Subject: fw : eprm article  any feedback on the latest article from chris for eprm ? ? please let me know  when i can expect some feedback so i can get back to eprm , since they are  going to press in a week .  ?  thanks ,  julie  ?  ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : robin lancaster  to : julie  sent : wednesday , october 11 , 2000 10 : 52 am  subject : eprm article  julie  i know that chris is away and so siad to contact you with any problems . just  want to know the status of the article for this month ? the last e - mail from  chris said it was getting a final look over from vince kaminski and i should  expect it a few days and that was last thursday . any news , as we ' re due to  go to press in a week and a day .  robin
HAM Subject: lessons in hara - kiri , latin version  mexico  - power strike set for march 16 in mexico city  some 35 , 000 members of the mexican union of electrical workers plan to strike the mexico city electric company on friday , march 16 th at 12 noon . the union is demanding a 29 percent salary increase and the company is offering nothing . the two sides are not even talking . the union is concerned that the government may try to force the electrical workers to stay on their jobs or bring in replacements . the union is also opposed to the privatization of the electric company and its leader has charged that privatization would bring higher electric rates to meet the profit demands of foreign investors . the company principally provides electrical service to mexico city and the states of mexico , morelos , hidalgo and puebla . it may be prudent to begin planning for possible power shortages in these regions . ( pinkerton , march 14 , 2001 )
HAM Subject: senate approves edison rescue deal , assembly measure stalled  by jennifer coleman  associated press writer  sacramento ( ap ) - - the state senate approved a bill that significantly alters the plan negotiated by gov . gray davis to help the struggling utility southern california edison .  the bill approved friday , authored by democratic sens . richard polanco and byron sher , lets edison issue $ 2 . 5 billion in revenue bonds to pay debts amassed when prices for wholesale electricity reached record - high levels in the last year .  " i believe it ' s a measure that gets us to the goal of getting the state out of the business of buying electricity . . . and to bring this entity to creditworthiness , " said polanco , d - los angeles .  approved 22 - 17 , the bill now goes to the assembly . the assembly adjourned friday night without voting on a similar measure .  the polanco - sher plan shifts the burden of repaying the bonds to commercial and industrial power users and has been opposed by business interests and by edison , which says it won ' t help the company escape bankruptcy .  davis ' plan , announced in april , offers edison $ 2 . 76 billion for its transmission system and lets it sell revenue bonds to repay the rest of its estimated $ 3 . 5 billion worth of debt generated when it had to pay skyrocketing wholesale power prices .  under the plan by polanco , and sher , of stanford , the state has a five - year option to buy edison ' s grid .  that , said republican sen . ross johnson of irvine , gives edison a bailout it " neither needs nor deserves .  " i am tired of this projection of edison as a victim . they have their legion of lobbyists here telling us ad nauseam that they didn ' t support deregulation , " johnson said during floor debate . " the idea of edison as the victim goes down in the annals of real whoppers . edison paid their lobbyists bonuses for the successful passage of deregulation . "  during the 1995 - 1996 deliberations that led to deregulation , edison officials helped create the current system in meetings with business interests and then - gov . pete wilson , a republican .  lawmakers are set to go on summer break friday night until aug . 20 , a schedule that conflicts with the deadline in the memorandum of understanding between davis and edison . that says the legislature must approve the deal by aug . 15 .  " it ' s a firm deadline , which means this issue has to be fully resolved prior to the end of the legislative recess , " davis said friday .  for that to happen , either the senate bill or a proposal by assembly speaker robert hertzberg , d - van nuys , and assemblyman fred keeley , d - boulder creek , has to reach davis .  " i have problems with both bills , " davis said . " i am heartened by the fact that there ' s a bill moving in each house . "  the keeley - hertzberg plan trims at least $ 300 million from the governor ' s offer . it also allows edison to issue the bonds , which would be repaid by edison ratepayers over 10 years .  the plan also attempts to increase the state ' s use of " green " energy resources and allow edison customers to opt for cheaper direct - access energy service .  the assembly didn ' t vote on the keeley bill friday , because hertzberg is considering forming a working group with the senate and the administration to " iron out the bills ' differences , " said hertzberg ' s spokesman paul hefner .  davis said he wanted any working group to continue working over the summer break to devise a compromise by the aug . 15 deadline .  " i don ' t want people to go out fishing for 30 days and come back and worry about it on aug . 20 because i know we ' re going to have reapportionment and other major issues to deal with in that last month , " the governor said .  on the net :  read the bills , ab 82 xx by keeley and sb 78 xx by polanco , at http : / / www . leginfo . ca . gov  read the governor ' s memorandum of understanding at
HAM Subject: saxet thompsonville - shut - in gas  daren ,  fyi . saxet thompsonville meter # 9794 will be shut - in 4 to 8 hours on 6 / 22 .  bob
HAM Subject: igcc comparison  louise -  the attached is a very rough summary of the technology comparison . we should be able to provide more information depending on your desired level of detail .  regards ,  mitch robinson  x 33957
HAM Subject: deal extended  deal # 276494 ended june 15 , but there is additional flow on meter # 9602 from  the 16 th thru the 30 th . could you extend this deal thru the 30 th so that i  can have vol . management create an accounting arrangement for it . if you are  not the person that i need to contact , could you let me know who i need to  talk to .
HAM Subject: february 13 th update  jeff / michelle / ken ,  here ' s the daily update for the 13 th .  suzanne  - igsupdate . xls
HAM Subject: enron / hpl actuals for october 26 , 2000  teco tap 100 . 000 / hpl gas daily
HAM Subject: wellhead adjustments  the attached spreadsheet reflects adjustments to wellhead meters effective 3 / 16 / 01 . the nominations were changed to volumes in the " to " column .  bob
HAM Subject: roberts  i spoke with linda and she is on board with working in texas supply orig . that ' s today status anyway .  regards ,  brian  brian redmond  office : 713 - 853 - 1839  fax : 713 - 646 - 3234
HAM Subject: eol average deal count as of 12 - 31 - 00 ( year end edition )  notes for this week ' s report :  * north american gas has now decreased its overall average daily eol deal  count by about 500 trades a day since november . there are now approximately  2 , 633 trades a day in north american gas alone which are being traded on eol .  * the financial desk in north american gas has increased its average daily  eol deal count by about 45 % since october , from 494 to 714 deals per day in  november . in december , the average daily eol deal count was down 8 % , from  714 to 658 deals per day . in addition , the average daily eol volume has  decreased steadily in december .  * ecc canada west gas has decreased its average daily eol deal count by  about 46 % since november , from 213 to 113 deals per day . in addition , the  average daily eol volume has decreased about 40 % since november . however ,  the average daily non - eol deal count has only decreased by about 10 % since  november , from 88 to 79 deals per day .  * us west power has decreased its average daily eol deal count by about 71 %  since november , from 187 to 54 deals per day . however , the average daily  non - eol deal count has decreased by only about 21 % since november , from 171  to 136 deals per day . the average daily combined eol and non - eol volume has  remained steady .  * us east power has decreased its average daily eol deal count by about 24 %  since november , from 167 to 127 deals per day . however , the average daily  non - eol deal count has actually increased by about 3 % since november , from  230 to 237 deals per day . the average daily combined eol and non - eol volume  has increased by about 20 % total . these recent trends in power may indicate  a shift in on - line power transactions from eol to our competitors .  * lpg ' s has steadily increased its total monthly eol deal count from 281 in  september , 398 in october , to 444 in november . in december , lpg ' s appear to  have levelled off with 449 deals completed in december . the total monthly  eol volumes have increased similarly as well .  * coal trades have decreased significantly from the levels seen in october .  the total monthly eol deal count for november was only about 23 % of the total  in october . the total monthly eol deal count for december was only about 83 %  of the total in november .  * enron metals trades done via eol has risen by approximately 47 % since  november , from a daily average of 242 to a daily average of 357 for december .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the following files contain a graphical view of the average deal count and  volumes per month by commodity for eol and otc transactions since the launch  of enrononline . this information is for comparative analysis only . do not  update links when opening these files .  average deal counts for commodities ( excluding global products , which  displays monthly totals )  na gas breakout by region ( non - averaged , including volume and notional value )  if you have any questions regarding this breakout , please contact one of the  following :  torrey moorer x 3 - 6218  matt motsinger x 3 - 5221  pete berzins x 5 - 7597  pete  enrononline
HAM Subject: letter agreement  tod / john , fore your review . . .  regards ,  mike curry  enron power marketing , inc .  ( 713 ) 853 - 4258  fax ( 713 ) 646 - 8272
HAM Subject: noms / actual flow for 2 / 26  we agree  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa jones / texas utilities on  02 / 27 / 2001  10 : 33 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " eileen ponton " on 02 / 27 / 2001 09 : 46 : 26 am  to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa  jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com ,  liz . bellamy @ enron . com  cc :  subject : noms / actual flow for 2 / 26  date nom flow - mcf flow - mmbtu  2 / 26 / 01 0 456 469  btu = 1 . 027
HAM Subject: re : trading track offers  decided to go a bit longer on the list .  thanks , karen .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : monday , november 05 , 2001 11 : 31 am  to : buckley , karen  subject : re : trading track offers  why  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sent from my blackberry wireless handheld
HAM Subject: ena meeting and event expenditure approval process  the approval process initiated in 1998 for all meeting and event expenditures  in excess of $ 5 , 000 has enabled ena to better assess the business value of  events , accurately track our activities and save money . these events include  customer and employee meetings , and trade shows .  ena has made some modifications to the process , which are described in this  memo .  the $ 5 , 000 threshold remains in effect for all customer events . however , the  threshold for approval for employee meetings and events has been lowered to  $ 2 , 000 , and some additional requirements must be met prior to approval .  please be sure to follow the procedures described below for all meetings and  events , so we can continue to successfully manage these events .  1 ) prior to making any commitments to customers or vendors , all customer  events with anticipated costs in excess of $ 5 , 000 , and all employee events  with anticipated costs in excess of $ 2 , 000 must be reviewed by the ena public  relations ( pr ) department and approved by the ena office of the chairman  2 ) the pr department will handle the site search and hotel contract  negotiations for all such events . once this is completed , the pr department  will work with you to plan and produce your event in its entirety ; or they  can provide as much or as little assistance as you require . the pr department  will be responsible for helping you achieve the best value for your program  and ena .  3 ) a completed expenditure request form ( see attached ) and supporting  documentation is required for each event . employee meetings require a  detailed agenda as part of the event documentation prior to approval . please  submit the completed expenditure request form and documentation to the pr  department at eb 3642 , or work with pr department employees to complete the  form .  4 ) after pr review , the expenditure will be submitted to the ena office of  the chairman for final approval .  additionally , the pr department can assist in the procurement of tickets for  various local sporting events and concerts .  if you have any questions regarding this process , would like assistance  planning an event , or need tickets for a houston event , please contact dorie  hitchcock in the pr department at ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 .  thank you for your cooperation .
HAM Subject: 1601  daren , i need deal ticket 745546 extended on both ends . 4 / 23 for flow of 35 and 5 / 1 / for flow of 132 . this will help clear up some allocation exceptions . thanks .
HAM Subject: juvenile diabetes foundation fundraising  it is my sincere honor to once again lead the enron team in this year ' s  juvenile diabetes foundation ( jdf ) walk scheduled to take place on sunday ,  november 5 , 2000 , at the sam houston race park . i continue to serve on the  board of jdf representing enron and will be enron ' s corporate executive for  this year ' s fundraising efforts .  as many of you may already know , i am an insulin dependent diabetic myself .  even though i know how difficult this disease can be to manage with the  multiple finger pricks for blood samples and several shots each day , i cannot  imagine how difficult it is for a small child with this disease . taking  insulin does not cure the disease nor prevent the development of  complications ; insulin is simply their life support system and without it  they would die .  enron continues to be a major corporate sponsor for jdf again this year . jdf  is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84 % of all money  raised goes directly to research . enron ' s goal this year is to raise  $ 225 , 000 and we need your help . enron has been the number 1 walk team for 5  years in a row and we are not ready to give up first place ! we need team  leaders , walkers and volunteers to help us reach our goal . the theme for the  walk this year is " knock out diabetes " and we would like to have you join us  for this great event . the walk is truly a blast and we had about 500 enron  people participate last year and everyone enjoyed it .  if you are interested in volunteering to be a walker or a team leader , or if  you would like to make a pledge , you may call any of the steering committee  members listed below . if you are interested in being a team leader , please  contact one of the following people immediately so that you may be included  in the first important and informative training session taking place this  week .  thank you very much for your support .  mike mcconnell  steering committee members :  blanca bollom x 66091  rachel feldt x 57629  deb gebhardt x 39606  cathy phillips x 36898  john walt x 35379  debbie yates x 35305
HAM Subject: rice / enron finance seminar series  enron seminar series in finance  jones graduate school of management , rice university  paul schultz  university of notre dame  will give a seminar at the jones school on friday , march 30 , ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  & who makes markets  8  the seminar will begin at 3 : 30 in room 115 .  the paper will be made available shortly .
HAM Subject: fw : tw docket no . rp 97 - 288 - 009 et . seq .  fyi , kim .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : porter , gregory j .  sent : monday , november 05 , 2001 7 : 12 am  to : harris , steven ; miller , mary kay ; kirk , steve ; darveaux , mary ; watson , kimberly ; kilmer iii , robert ; lokey , teb ; frank kelly ( e - mail ) ; steve stojic ( e - mail ) ; fossum , drew ; pavlou , maria  cc : mccarty , danny ; smith , ann  subject : tw docket no . rp 97 - 288 - 009 et . seq .  settlement discussions have hit the wall . conoco , the third of the indicated shippers the commercial group was going to talk to , cancelled their friday meeting stating that their regulatory folks told them they shouldn ' t meet with transwestern ( re : negotiated rate proceeding ) unless all of the indicated shippers were present . . . never mind the fact that tw had already met individually with bp / amoco and burlington .  exceptions to the october 24 , 2001 initial decision are due by thursday , november 8 , 2001 . tw will need to response with in seven days . i have asked steve stojic , with the assistance of maria , to circulate the first draft .  any questions , please let me know . greg
HAM Subject: louise ,  i have a draft org . chart and would like to have you review it this weekend , if possible . please give me a shout and i will run the charts by your house .  713 - 529 - 6280  don
HAM Subject: helsinki presentation  per your request .  amy  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sharron westbrook / corp / enron on  02 / 25 / 2000 09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nicole scott @ ect  01 / 28 / 2000 09 : 03 am  to : sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : helsinki presentation  sharron ,  please see the attached doc for the 3 . 30 pm conf call , please print of a color  copy for rick buy & rick causey .  niki
HAM Subject: re - scheduled : whs / retail systems integration analysis -  results / recommendations  when : tuesday , november 27 , 2001 2 : 00 pm - 3 : 00 pm ( gmt - 06 : 00 ) central time ( us & canada ) .  where : ecn 872  * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ *  call in number : 800 - 991 - 9019 , passcode : 7945088  background  background  summary of results  integrated systems vision  open issues  recommendations
HAM Subject: netco - interest rate risk  integration issue would be how to calculate and lay off to owner  is it in anyone ' s plan ?
HAM Subject: re : weather book admin  sally ,  i wanted you to know that i responded to this e - mail and i will also talk  with jeff sorenson today . while i am here , i will meet the weather team and  introduce myself .  today and tomorrow are critical days as far as the book - split project is  concerned . i will give you an update this afternoon or when you arrive on  thursday . there is quite a lot of discussion surrounding the mtm of  transmission . we have now agreed that we should mtm all of transmission and  not " cherry pick , " and now it ' s how to handle the mechanics .  talk with you soon ,  todd  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by d todd hall / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2000 08 : 32  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : d todd hall on 04 / 19 / 2000 02 : 30 am  to : scott pleus / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : weather book admin  i did speak with mark and had tim meet with him also . tim and michael sat  together and further discussed the p & l and associated processes . on monday ,  tim accepted the position and i informed sally , but obviously did not give  you the update .  when i return , tentatively may 15 , i would like to get a copy of the resumes  which you have and will post the position again . thank you for holding  things together and after tim has 2 - 3 weeks with michael , he should be able  to move to structuring .  pencil in lunch for that tuesday or wednesday that i return ,  todd  scott pleus  04 / 18 / 2000 06 : 53 pm  to : d todd hall / hou / ect @ ect  cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect  subject : weather book admin  i haven ' t heard from you lately . understand you spoke directly to mark  tawney . i assume tim norton is a go for replacing michael nguyen as risk  book administrator for weather on a full time basis . i plan to withdraw the  job posting from the board .
HAM Subject: re :  vince ,  sorry for getting back a little late . i have been in touch with kirstee to  figure out how to treat positions data which is the primary cause for  fluctuations . apparently , as of 7 / 19 , mg still has july position . this may be  spot or balance of the month , or some settlement issue . this indeed is what  we are trying to find out / verify ( it may be an error too ) . kirstee is going  to get back to me on this . if it is not an error , then anjam ' s latest results  ( $ 5 . 5 million total var ) are reasonable given all the assumptions and the  missing pieces . i will keep you posted .  cantekin  vince j kaminski  07 / 26 / 2000 10 : 12 am  to : cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re :  cantekin ,  can you figure out the reason for cocoa beans var fluctuations ?  the same is true of aluminum . i assume this is the position change .  vince  cantekin dincerler  07 / 26 / 2000 09 : 28 am  to : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject :  anjam and kirstee ,  as i have suspected the position as of 6 / 30 vs 7 / 19 makes the difference . the  first table first column is my var number with 6 / 30 position and gold & silver  prices , the second column is your var with 7 / 19 position and dummy  gold & silver prices . the second table first column is my var with 7 / 19  position and 6 / 30 gold & silver prices , the second column is as before .  i would ask you to plug the gold and silver prices and see what kind of  numbers you get in order to verify we are on the same page . please refer to  modelvar 2000 . xls that i have sent you for gold & silver prices and  volatilities .  thank you ,  cantekin  table 1  table 2
HAM Subject: final cp name change / merger list 08 / 00  attached is the final list for name changes and mergers for august 2000 .  the name change overlays were done on the dates indicated .  the erms short names will be changed tomorrow , august 23 , in the afternoon .  if there are any objections please contact me or bill hare at x 3 - 9249 .  record inactivations will be done on the afternoon of sept , 1 .  please call cheryl for questions or comments x 3 - 3103
HAM Subject: re : deal 144932 ces - lila allen  yes . i have confirmed that fw rabalais is agent for dallas ( aka sam allen ) ,  which was put under lila allen ' s name . please change deal 144932 from sam  allen to dallas exploration .  ami  from : megan parker 03 / 23 / 2000 11 : 32 am  to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect  cc : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : deal 144932 ces - lila allen  i looked in global and dallas exploration is in there . can we put the deal  under dallas exploration ? that is where is it was set up at columbia . i  have a letter and the gisb contract from sam allen that we are to pay dallas  exploration .  megan
HAM Subject: alert - - cpuc vote delayed again ! ! !  our best information is that the cpuc will not vote on direct access tomorrow , but will continue the meeting to another date and time . will let you know when we know the new date for the meeting .
HAM Subject: el paso open season results / more stuff  i ' ve been provided a bootleg copy of the results of the el paso open season . here ' s the most interesting thing . . . el paso waived its right of first refusal under the one year deal done last year , and participated with everyone else in the open season . accordingly , they were allocated capacity along with everyone else . remember , all these deals were [ supposedly ] done at epng ' s max rates . there were approx . 30 successful bidders , and their bids were for various term lengths . here are the more significant awards :  burlington - 7 , 000  ceg energy options - 37 , 800  coral - 15 , 000  duke - 212 , 000  dynegy - 56 , 500  el paso merchant - 277 , 000  ena - 254 , 000  mgi supply ( pemex ) - 38 , 000  oxy - 19 , 000  pg & e ( et al . ) - 151 , 000  smud - 10 , 000  sempra trading - 6 , 500  socal - 19 , 000  texaco - 58 , 500  williams - 11 , 500  here ' s the other epng news flash . . . apparently , epng is telling shippers to be on the lookout for an announcement next week of another open season to guage shippers interest in a major expansion of its system . i ' m assuming at this point this project will include the all american pipeline asset .  i ' m also now told that the kern river expansion may be much larger than what we were led to believe a couple of weeks ago . we heard earlier that they were looking at doing a 500 mmcf / d expansion that would include the 124 mmcf / d expansion already sold . new information suggests that the 500 mmcf / d expansion may be significantly understated , and volumes may approach 700 - 800 mmcf / d . the expansion would include not only compression , but would involve additional pipe , and would not be rolled into existing rates , but would be an incrementally priced project .
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ;  start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122006 . txt
HAM Subject: mid - year prc  i would like to update you on the progress we have made on energy ops  mid - year review process . all of the " needs improvement " evaluations have  been executed except for two which will be executed before the 9 / 1 deadline .  we still need to review 51 " satisfactory " evaluations . our target date for  this process is september lst . please forward your " satisfactory "  evaluations to myself or hector mcloughlin by september lst so we can review  them and move forward in the process . thank you for your help .  anne marie allex
HAM Subject: bosses day  hey kids , why don ' t we pool our resources and get " el jefe " something nice ? not like last year . . . i won ' t mention names ( donna ) . . . . when some individuals within the team didn ' t want to include the rest of us in their " reindeer games " for bosses day . any suggestions ? round of golf , gift certificate ? ? ? i nominate suzanne to collect the money . any objections ?  thanks
HAM Subject: fw : fw : conoco - big cowboy  here is what bob cotten has to say about big cowboy . i think i will try to have conoco send our money back until we can determine who we bought the gas from .  megan  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : rrcotten @ aep . com [ mailto : rrcotten @ aep . com ]  sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 9 : 14 am  to : parker , megan  cc : jlopez @ aep . com ; gmweissman @ aep . com  subject : re : fw : conoco - big cowboy  megan ,  the april and may nomination spreadsheets from producer services reflect that there were purchases from conoco on hpl . there are no references to any purchases from conoco on gepl . on june 6 , 2001 , tom acton edited deal ticket # 133304 to include gepl meter # ' s 27 - 002 - 08 and 27 - 003 - 08 . i have no idea why tom edited the deal ticket to include the gepl meters . tom is no longer at aep and i couldn ' t find any documentation to support the changes . please advise if you need additional information .  bob  to :  cc :  subject : fw : conoco - big cowboy  bob :  can you help with this ? i am trying to find out why gepl was added to  the conoco supply deals for april and may 2001 . conoco says we did not  purchase any gas from them on gepl .  megan  713 - 345 - 7480  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : farmer , daren j .  > sent : monday , august 27 , 2001 10 : 57 am  > to : parker , megan  > subject : re : conoco - big cowboy  >  > from looking at the audit in sitara , it appears that tom acton added  > the location on june 6 , 2001 . ( i thought that their access to sitara  > was taken away before then . ) he probably got instructions from vol  > mgmt to do this , but i ' m not sure . have you talked to anyone in that  > group ? i didn ' t know that these meters were being added to the deal .  > since tom has left aep , you may be able to get bob cotten to help .  > see if you can find out anything from v . m . and bob . i will do some  > digging here to see if i can find anything .  >  > d  >  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : parker , megan  > sent : friday , august 24 , 2001 10 : 17 am  > to : farmer , daren j .  > subject : conoco - big cowboy  >  > darren :  > i ' m not sure if you can help me with this , but i don ' t know who else  > to ask . for april and may , we have gas pathed on deal 133304 to  > conoco at the gepl big cowboy point . conoco is saying that we did not  > buy that gas from them . they have accounted for all of the hpl big  > cowboy gas and think we have over paid by about $ 1 . 5 mil each month  > for the gepl gas . do you know why we added the gepl meter to the deal  > in april ? could we have bought this gas from someone else ? i have  > the meter statements from tejas , but they do not say who the supply  > company was .  >  > megan  this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
HAM Subject: esource presents esearch  esource launches esearch site bringing research to your desktop  esource , enron ' s premier research group , launched their new product , esearch ,  on december 8 , 2000 .  esource ' s team of specialized researchers have created a web site to bring  information and research to every employee ' s desktop . the esearch web site  offers many links to information resources , access to research databases ,  specialized searches , sites to purchase books , articles , and reports , and  training . employees can use the web site to conduct their own research or as  a vehicle to submit research requests . esource ' s researchers and industry  specialists are available to all enron business units to provide timely and  cost efficient research , to work with individuals or groups to fulfill one  time research requests , or to design ongoing , customized monitoring projects  or news updates .  the preferred browser is internet explorer  join us for a demonstration and training session on friday , december 15 th at  1 : 00 - 1 : 30 and 2 : 00 - 2 : 30 in room eb 5 c 2 .  http : / / esource . enron . com  discover a wealth of information at your desktop
HAM Subject: dear owner  as of the 4 th april 2001 we will be changing our bank from lloyds tsb to citibank .  sunsail worldwide sailing limited  citibank . n . a  the strand  london  if you have any problems receiving your monthly or quarterly payments , please do not hesitate to contact me .  with kind regards  jo hillier - smith  owner care manager  sunsail worldwide sailing ltd  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 2392 222215  email : joh @ sunsail . com  this e - mail and any attachment is intended for the named addressee ( s )  only , or a person authorised to receive it on their behalf . the content should be treated as confidential and the recipient may not disclose this message or any attachment to anyone else without authorisation . unauthorised use , copying or disclosure may be unlawful . if this transmission is received in error please notify the sender immediately and delete this message from your e - mail system . any view expressed by the sender of this message or any attachment may be personal and may not represent the view held by the company .  sunsail limited ( company number 1239190 ) or sunsail worldwide sailing  limited ( company number 1658245 ) both with registered offices at the port house , port solent , portsmouth , hampshire , po 6 4 th , england
HAM Subject: spot deals - april , 2001  the following have been entered as spot deals for april , 2001 :  deal # counterparty meter # trade zone volume  689849 amerada hess 0435 09 2 , 714  689850 anadarko 0435 09 1 , 104  689851 apache corp 0435 09 1 , 326  689893 barrett res 0435 09 1 , 536  690252 stone energy 9696 06 4 , 030  691156 cima energy 6284 05 361  689894 crosstex 0435 09 656  691773 crosstex 6519 05 1  691813 crosstex 9843 05 106  692651 comstock 9878 08 500  691873 duke energy 6347 21 144  691982 embassy 6598 22 1  692011 el paso mer 5848 05 203  692026 el paso mer 5923 05 622  688602 four square 9705 08 776  692207 helmerich & p 9841 06 6 , 500  692215 hesco 9876 05 85  692246 hurd ent 5427 18 4  689896 ocean en 0435 09 3 , 607  689508 phillips 6782 06 4 , 013  692461 ranger oil 9871 09 147  689898 seneca res 0435 09 3 , 073  692844 houston ex 9696 06 5 , 000  689814 pure res 9685 05 139  689905 tri - union 0435 09 149  692898 whiting petr 6523 12 113  bob
HAM Subject: fw : re - distribution of flat panels to remote trading offices  fyi  mark pickering  chief technology officer  enron net works , llc  _ _ _ _ _  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : pickering , mark  sent : 16 october 2001 15 : 10  to : rub , jenny  subject : re : re - distribution of flat panels to remote trading offices  sounds good to me .  mark pickering  chief technology officer  enron net works , llc  _ _ _ _ _  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : rub , jenny  sent : 16 october 2001 14 : 38  to : pickering , mark  subject : fw : re - distribution of flat panels to remote trading offices  importance : high  any issues with this ? jr  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : harrington , stephen r .  sent : tuesday , october 16 , 2001 1 : 56 pm  to : rub , jenny ; harrelson , mike ; dopson , lametrice ; bucknell , martin ; elliott , clay ; cox , paige  cc : dietrich , dan ; smith , bruce  subject : re - distribution of flat panels to remote trading offices  importance : high  after consulting with the personnel of the remote team , we have assessed their needs , and are prepared to begin the initial swap - out of crts for flat panels to the various locations .  our first targets are toronto ( 10 18 " flats ) and calgary ( 25 15 " flats ) .  as we receive more through additional moves , we will include portland , new york , chicago , and other locations as needed .  i just need to know that everyone ' s okay for us to begin this process . thanks .  regards ,  stephen r . harrington  technical project manager , ecs project  enron net works , llc  w : 713 - 853 - 7619  p : 877 - 651 - 7361  c : 713 - 444 - 7279  stephen . harrington @ enron . com
HAM Subject: inter - desk deals - 5 / 14 - 5 / 15  i ' ve killed the cal - imbalance deal i entered under short term west bom for 5 / 14 - 609174 - as well as the inter - desk swap between stca and west bom - 609240 .  i double - checked real time position manager and the forward obligations report for this day , and all looks fine . i ' ll keep my fingers crossed that it remains that way until tomorrow morning .  please let me know if you have questions .  kate
HAM Subject: fw : 2 nd rev / hpl nom . eff . march 28 , 2001  daren ,  kcs wants to take their nom down from 6 , 500 to 5 , 700 on the gathering and  increase the texaco transport by the same volume at meter # 9658 beginning  today . are you okay with the change ?  bob  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 03 / 28 / 2001 09 : 22  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  bob withers on 03 / 27 / 2001 03 : 52 : 45 pm  to : " bob cotten ( e - mail ) "  cc : " tom acton ( e - mail ) " , stretch brennan  , knox westmoreland  subject : fw : 2 nd rev / hpl nom . eff . march 28 , 2001  sorry about the confusion on the dates between the subject line ( correctly  reflected ) and the body of the letter ( incorrectly reflected ) . . . the change  for the " shift " between texaco and kcs should be march 28 , 2001 .  bob withers > zero " net " change  if you need additional information , kcs ' field contact is stretch brennan in  victoria : 512 / 576 - 1005 .  bob withers > <  kcs energy , inc .  5555 san felipe , suite 1200  houston , tx 77056  voice 713 - 964 - 9434 fax 713 - 877 - 1394
HAM Subject: re : www . energyclear . com  these guys are using the technology we saw last week from onexchange . amerex  called me today to ask us to participate or ( if we deemed it necessary ) to  take the lead in this project . as always , james has the competitor info  database on this stuff . please copy him on all material like this .  all the best ,  tom  mary solmonson @ ect  12 / 04 / 2000 05 : 27 pm  to : thomas d gros / na / enron @ enron , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : www . energyclear . com  sounds like this . com will be a direct competitor for fix and maybe even  fmm . we need to watch for more details .  www . energyclear . com
HAM Subject: enron technology showcase announcement  that ' s the way it should be and that ' s what we ' re doing ! the technology  groups from enron net works , enron transportation services , enron broadband  services and enron energy services are joining together to bring you the  latest enron technology showcase . the purpose of this event is to keep you ,  our customer , aware of the tools available to you today as well as plans for  the future . come see and hear about the future of  ( laptops , desktops ,  operating systems , messaging and much more .  when : november 2 & 3  time : 10 : 00 a . m .  ) 2 : 00 p . m .  place : enron building plaza  thursday , november 2 , 2000  ? windows 2000 *  ) see the latest workstation operating system coming to a  desktop near you .  ? help desk *  ) let  , s talk it over . come meet your front line support group .  ? it procurement *  ) everyone loves to shop , but do you know what you  , re  buying ? we do .  ? security *  ) we  , ll answer your questions about gaining access to  applications and other network resources .  ? hardware *  ) see the latest laptops , desktops , etc .  ? integrated solutions center  ) do you have questions about ehronline ? we  have the answers !  ? technology training  ) if you  , re not learning , you  , re not growing . stop by  and see what classes are available to you .  friday , november 3 , 2000  ? messaging *  ) e - mail , e - mail , e - mail  ( see and hear about the future  solution for your business unit .  ? remote connectivity *  ) do you work from home or are you a  & road warrior  8 ?  this exhibit can help you get connected .  ? global strategic sourcing  ) we  , ve got plans to  & save you money  8 . stop by  and see how .  ? enron broadband services * *  ) ebs specific offering .  ? enron energy services * *  ) ees specific offering .  ? enron transportation services * *  ) ets specific offering .  ? enron net works * *  ) enw specific offering .  * representatives from all of the it business units ( enw , ets , ebs and ees )  will be present to answer your questions .  * * each it business unit has an exhibit to  & strut their stuff  8 ! they will be  showcasing products and services that are specific to their  customer base . you  , ll have to see it to believe it !  as you can see , we have 2 full days of information to share with you . so ,  mark your calendar and don  , t forget to stop by and see your information  technology team in action . we look forward to seeing you there .  susan lopez  director , customer connection  enron net works  713 - 853 - 7947
HAM Subject: baytown 12 ' ' pigging affected meters  the meters listed in the attached email will be shut - in in order to pig the  baytown 12 " . the meters will be shut - in early on the morning of august 15 ,  and remain shut - in for approximately five to ten days .  if you have any questions please call me 36449 .  thanks  gary hanks  mgr gas control  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 08 / 01 / 2000 10 : 44  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  mike vollmering @ enron  08 / 01 / 2000 08 : 59 am  to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect  cc : james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron , liberty team  hpl / gco / enron @ enron  subject : baytown 12 ' '  the columbus energy wiggins # 1 ( 989634 ) will be effected by the pigging  project . the tap valve is installed in the mlv bypass and the bypass will be  removed to blow down the line .  here is a list of all the producers that will be effected .  columbus energy - - - - - - - - wiggins # 1 ( 989634 ) and fig orchard ( 986764 )  sanchez o mike
HAM Subject: enron actuals for july 3 thru 4 , 2000  july 3 teco tap 10 . 000 / enron ; 65 . 000 / hpl iferc  ls hpl katy 30 . 000 / enron  july 4 teco tap 35 . 000 / hpl iferc  ls hpl katy 30 . 000 / enron
HAM Subject: 2002 tx orig budget  faith :  please find the attached budget for tx gas orig per louise ' s request . i have compared the budget distributed by david vandor to the budget submitted to the office of the chair last september ( adjusted for a smaller head count ) . this is located under the natural gas orig - texas tab in the attached spreadsheet .  my main comments are as follows :  1 . travel and entertainment seems a bit low as we need to be meeting with / signing up / marketing to a new customer base .  2 . netco will need to pay for outside engineering and technical services as our in - house staff has been reduced ( pipeline mapping , flow analysis )  3 . the supplies number for netco seems low given past expenditures .  please call or email me if you need anything else .  brian ( 713 - 853 - 1839 , m : 713 - 705 - 4591 )
HAM Subject: status of hpl transfers to aep  sally , please review the attached spreadsheet of hpl energy operations  employees and their status relative to the aep transfer .  please call if you have questions .
HAM Subject: re : summer internship  martin  please , refer john directly to jinbaek kim and his academic advisor .  vince  from : martin lin on 03 / 23 / 2001 04 : 19 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : summer internship  as a followup , john gillespie has expressed interest in participating on the  panel mentioned below . to whom should i refer john or should somebody  contact him ? i just wanted to know what to tell john .  thanks ,  martin  vince j kaminski  03 / 23 / 2001 04 : 12 pm  to : martin lin / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : summer internship  martin ,  thanks .  vince  from : martin lin on 03 / 22 / 2001 04 : 46 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : summer internship  i did not find anybody in ebs who seems to know or be involved in any  e - procurement issues . in enron corp , however , there is an initiative called  ibuyit . this is a system that corp is deploying for e - procurement through  corp and ena , and will get to ebs sometime late this year .  john gillespie is in charge of the ibuyit initiative . perhaps he is the  appropriate contact . i left a voice mail with him , but have not yet received  a response .  martin  vince j kaminski  03 / 22 / 2001 07 : 17 am  to : martin lin / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : summer internship  martin ,  please , take a look at question 3 .  who is the right person at ebs ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 22 / 2001  07 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  jinbaek kim on 03 / 15 / 2001 01 : 12 : 32 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : summer internship  dr . kaminski ,  sorry for the late response ,  it took me some time to coordinate things .  finally , it ' s almost dont : - )  it turned out that from june to august  will be best for me for work at enron  ( say june . 4 to august . 4 )  but i still need to know several things from your side .  could you answer following questions ?  first :  is my suggested working period is ok with you ?  if so , let me know what to do for settlement  during the period .  second :  i got a list of work , i might be able to do for  dealbench team from ross and suresh .  i ' d like to know it is still a valid work list :  the list he sent is as following :  > 1 . write a paper in layman ' s terms that answers  > questions like the following :  > benefits of auctioning online for both buyers and  > sellers , particularly in reverse auctions  > explanation how multi - variable auctions are not  > as efficient as price - only auctions ( is this true ? )  > how many participants are recommended for a  > successful live auction  > what types of goods and services are best suited  > for live auctions versus sealed bid quotes  > opinions on lotting strategies  > trends in online private auctions  > 2 . identify appropriate recent auction research ( 3  > or 4 papers out of the 90 + you provided ) and obtain approvals from the  > authors to post on our site  > 3 . create a list / bibiliography of relevant auction  > literature ( with hyperlinks ? )  > 4 . would you be willing to offer auction consulting  > services to our customers ( if they are interested )  third :  there is an e - procurement forum at haas school of business ,  in may 22 . the chair of the forum is my advisor prof . arie segev .  a person from wells fargo bank will talk about wells fargo ' s role  in e - marketplace payment initiative ,  where enron broadband services is also one of key players  along with citibank .  he asked me whether you can contact a person at  enron broadband services , who ' s related to the initiative .  he wants to know whether we will have a speaker from enron  to see enron ' s perspective , in the forum .  here is a link to news related to the initiative ,  fourth :  my advisor wants to know whether  there could be any opportunity to do a case study ,  regarding enron ' s business .  he is interested in e - procurement and e - marketplaces .  business model and system architecture . . .  thanks for reading this long email .  i ' ll look forward to your answer . .  i am sorry for giving you so much burden  to answer those questions possibly not easy to answer .  warm regards ,  jinbaek  jinbaek kim  ph . d candidate  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  u . c . berkeley  http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  go bears !  : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' .  : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  ` . ' " ' ;  ` . ' ;  ` . ` : ` ;  . ` . ; ; : ;  . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  on mon , 5 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > jinbaek ,  >  > this is fine though you are welcome to spend more  > time with us this summer .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > jinbaek kim on 03 / 04 / 2001 03 : 45 : 40 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : re : summer internship  >  >  > dr . kaminski ,  >  > thanks for your answer .  > before i tell you the time frame ,  > i ' ll need to talk with my advisor , first .  > because here is an on - going - project .  > i need to coordinate the schedule .  >  > i ' ll appreciate it if you understand my situation ,  > and give me some time ( less than a week , of course ) .  >  > for your reference ,  > probably  > the dates i ' d like to ask you will be  > from mid - may to mid - july ( 2 months )  >  > warm regards ,  > jinbaek  >  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > jinbaek kim  > ph . d candidate  > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  > u . c . berkeley  > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  >  > go bears !  >  > : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' .  > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  > ` . ' " ' ;  > ` . ' ;  > ` . ` : ` ;  > . ` . ; ; : ;  > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  >  >  > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > >  > > jinbaek ,  > >  > > you can coordinate the details with me .  > > let me know what the time frame is for you  > > and we shall send you an appropriate offer .  > >  > > vince  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > jinbaek kim on 03 / 02 / 2001 04 : 43 : 06 pm  > >  > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > > cc :  > > subject : re : summer internship  > >  > >  > > dr . kaminski ,  > >  > > thank you very much .  > > of course , i ' ll be happy to have an opportunity  > > to work at such a wonderful company .  > > i was contacting with surech raghavan at deal bench team ,  > > and was going to express my appreciation to you again  > > after settling down process with them .  > >  > > for the period of working ,  > > i still need to coordinate with my advisor and  > > may need to adjust according to that .  > > but anyway , i ' ll try to coordinate smoothly .  > >  > > please let me know whether i should keep contacting  > > with deal bench team ,  > > for working period and  > > for misc . living support such as finding a place , rent a car , etc .  > >  > > i appreciate you so much again ,  > > for arranging such meetings and giving me an opportunity .  > > all this opportunity will not be available to me ,  > > without your kind help .  > >  > > warm regards ,  > > jinbaek  > >  > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  > > jinbaek kim  > > ph . d candidate  > > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  > > u . c . berkeley  > > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  > >  > > go bears !  > >  > > : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  > > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  > > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' .  > > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  > > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  > > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  > > ` . ' " ' ;  > > ` . ' ;  > > ` . ` : ` ;  > > . ` . ; ; : ;  > > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  > > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  > > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  > > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  > > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  > >  > >  > > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > >  > > > hello ,  > > >  > > > sorry for a delay in getting back to you .  > > > we would like very much to offer you a summer internship .  > > >  > > > please , let me know if you are interested .  > > >  > > > vince kaminski  > > >  > > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >
HAM Subject: re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000  czesc wicek ,  dzieki za notke .  spotkalem sie z ta osoba w ubieglym tygodniu - niestety ale wczesniej bylem  na urlopie i nikt mi nie sygnalizowal nic na ten temat .  a . wodnicki niestety pomieszal fakty i moj numer kontaktowy dostal od ciebie a  nie twoj ode mnie - tak jak pisze w swojej notatce .  biorac pod uwage , ze pozostalo niecale 7 dni od dnia mojego z nim spotkania  do dnia rozpoczecia - nie bylo fizycznej mozliwosci wprowadzenia enron  formalnie jako sponsora - zwlaszcza biorac pod uwage , ze caly pr dept . jest  zaangazowany w otwarcie siedziby w londynie jutro i pojutrze a aiesec  potrzebowal ode mnie decyzje i pieniadze w piatek czyli dwa dni temu .  jedyne co moglem zrobic ( i zrobilem ) to wprowadzilem ich do kilku innych  instytucji ( czytaj kolegow z hz ) ktorzy mogli podjac decyzje szybciej .  pan andrzej wodnicki niestety przyznal sie do organizacyjnego balaganu w  wyniku ktorego zagubiono moje namiary telefoniczne i faksowe , a nikt nie  pomyslal o zajzeniu do ksiazki telefonicznej po numer naszego biura w  warszawie . drugi problem to to ze zabral sie on za organizacje dodatkowych  srodkow na dwa tygodnie przed rozpoczeciem imprezy .  niestety nic wiecej instytucjonalnie nie moglem dla nich zrobic .  zasugerowalem tez , ze gdyby nie dopieli calego finansowania to jeszcze moge  sprobowac zebrac mala grupe ludzi , ktorzy mogliby ew . dofinansowac brakujaca  kwote jako darowizne indywidualna - ale biorac pod uwage kto jest w komitecie  honorowym i ze kwasniewski jest glownym sponsorem - taka forma moze byc  politycznie niewlasciwa .  mam od nich dostac jakas informacje w przyszlym tygodniu czy dzieki moim  dzialaniom cos im sie uda czy tez beda nadal potrzebowac pomocy .  pech - ale niestety zawiedli organizacyjnie .  pozdrowienia - jarek
HAM Subject: phone number in france :  mes amis ,  in case of emergencies , you can reach me after july 3 at 011 33 4 50 02 22  12 .  france is 7 hours later than houston , i . e . 11 : 00 am in houston is cocktail  hour ( 6 : 00 pm ) in france .  affecteusement ,  grant .
HAM Subject: re : charles shen  thanks so much , vince - - i couldn ' t agree with you more .  molly  vince j kaminski  11 / 27 / 2000 02 : 40 pm  to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : charles shen  molly ,  i think you called his bluff . if he does not fax a copy of his paycheck stub ,  we should not talk to him . he never talked to me about it . if he made a true  statement  about his compensation , he should have no reservations about sending us the  confirmation .  vince  enron north america corp .  from : molly magee 11 / 27 / 2000 01 : 58 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : charles shen  vince : i left you a voicemail about charles shen a week or so ago , but  wanted to follow up with you . when i called him to extend our offer to him ,  he expressed surprise at the base salary offer of $ 110 , 000 , and told me that  he was currently earning base pay in the amount of $ 120 , 000 . i told him  that the salary figure he had written himself on the application was  $ 102 , 000 , but he insisted that he had made an error and that it should have  been $ 120 , 000 . i asked him what base salary he was looking for , and he said  he would expect at least a 10 % increase in his base . i then told him that i  was not authorized to make an offer above our initial one , and would contact  you and get back to him .  i called him later that afternoon and asked him to fax me a copy of his last  paycheck stub so that we could minimize the confusion about his base pay . he  said that he would be happy to do so , but i never received the fax . he left  me a voicemail message during the evening that said he was on vacation and  didn ' t have access to the pay stubs , but would send me a copy when he  returned .  i have not heard from him since , and wondered if he had contacted you . if  not , would you want to get together to discuss our next step ?  i ' ll wait to hear from you ,  molly  x 34804
HAM Subject: re : e mail list for class  please respond to great idea , byron !  everybody ,  i ' ve created a new moderated list at http : / / . listbot . com /  if you are interested in hearing info ( from anyone , not just me ) about the  bammel road young families class , please go to the address above to  subscribe to the list .  it ' s free .  then , if you have anything that you want to share with the class , just  e - mail it to @ listbot . com .  - ram .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : byron w . ellis , cfp , clu , chfc [ mailto : byronellis @ usa . net ]  sent : friday , march 30 , 2001 8 : 31 am  to : ram tackett  subject : e mail list for class  what do you think about creating and maintaining an e mail address that will  automatically send an e mail to everyone in our class ? that way anyone that  wanted to blanket the class could always do so without going through you all  the time .  byron  " make all you can , save all you can , give all you can . "  john wesley  byron w . ellis , cfp ? , clu , chfc  senior financial advisor  american express financial advisors  ids life insurance company  1450 lake robbins drive  suite 100  the woodlands , tx 77380  phone 281 . 367 . 8658  fax 281 . 364 . 9628  e mail byronellis @ usa . net
HAM Subject: fw : kern county power plants  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : hass , glen  sent : tuesday , september 25 , 2001 2 : 34 pm  to : kilmer iii , robert  subject : re : kern county power plants  rob ,  i have some information as it relates to supplying power plants . for instance my ca interstate capacity report includes several interstate pipeline projects intended to serve these plants . kern river has at least 3 projects filed including the high desert lateral project which will serve the high desert power project .  also some time ago i distributed to marketing , regulatory and others a copy of the cec ' s final draft report on california ' s natural gas infrastructure . this report is still not final however a portion of it includes these seven projects as part of the overall demand basis for additional interstate pipeline capacity . virtually the same information was included in the cec ' s presentation at the cpuc ' s own workshop on natural gas infrastructure last april ( jeff f . from marketing also attended workshop ) .  i haven ' t followed these projects individually at the cec however i ' ll call michele to make sure she has the information listed above and ask her if she needs further assistance in obtaining any other pertinent data .  glen  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kilmer iii , robert  sent : tuesday , september 25 , 2001 1 : 08 pm  to : hass , glen  subject : fw : kern county power plants  you have any info on this ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lokay , michelle  sent : monday , september 24 , 2001 3 : 57 pm  to : kilmer iii , robert  subject : fw : kern county power plants  rob ,  here are some potential opportunities in california that could be served off pg & e . i am trying to verify whether these projects are still filed with the cec . the meeting is scheduled for next tuesday at 9 : 00 . thanks .
HAM Subject: request submitted : access request for eddie . shaw @ enron . com  you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver .  please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000010211  request create date : 12 / 13 / 00 11 : 41 : 02 am  requested for : eddie . shaw @ enron . com  resource name : eol us backoffice data manager  resource type : applications
HAM Subject: re : relocations  l -  ok . i have a meeting tomorrow to discuss the prc and we can talk about this as well .  thanks for the quick reply .  r -  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : monday , october 15 , 2001 3 : 44 pm  to : jones , robert w . - hr exec  subject : re : relocations  no to both . let ' s discuss .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sent from my blackberry wireless handheld
HAM Subject: temp forecast model . xls  this is the file with our city temperature weights .
HAM Subject: thoughts on technology  it is a little bit funny and a little bit sad watching the technology group try to get buyoff from louise and the business units on 2002 budgets . it is unbelievable that we can ' t get a project - based capital and expense budget for next year where someone like me can say i signed up for these 5 projects and willing to do them at such and such a cost . if the project costs more then i ' m not interested . while there is definitely room for improvement on the technology side , the commercial side has room for improvement as well .  we had a very useful ees risk / wholesale risk technology meeting on friday . it was clear from that meeting that commercial , technology , and operations are not on the same page . east wholesale and west wholesale commercial aren ' t on the same page . ees commercial and ena commercial aren ' t on the same page . ees marketing and ees risk may not be on the same page . anthony and beth aren ' t on the same page . sally beck ' s organization is organized wholesale vs retail while ( at least on the power side ) the commercial and technology groups are heading towards organized along commodity lines .  for fear of sounding too dramatic . . . the success of ees as well as wholesale services deals is a function of our technology and back office . without it we fail . the cost numbers are huge . it is a critical point of competitive advantage .  it was amazing , we had a room full of talented people at this meeting on friday ; i believe what was standing between us and a successful technology development effort was organization . we are completely disorganized right now . there are very few specs that are currently written to support next year ' s projects . we have a completely inefficient , decentralized process for working through this stuff .  i have some thoughts that i ' d like to share . it cuts across wholesale and retail . i think that we need a lead from commercial , technology , and operations for power ( and probably gas ) . i think the commercial person needs to drive the process and ultimately sign off on spending money for projects . i think that we need one technologist in charge of all power systems . i think that we need to look at everyone we have and choose the right person - - not necessarily the people who are currently leading this effort , although anthony and beth could be leading contenders . we need sally beck to look at her organization and make sure that it is aligned for maximum likelihood of success .  the goal of this is not to micromanage each business unit ' s technology needs . it is to coordinate and optimize across groups . we have to make sure that we don ' t spend money in wholesale and retail and then develop incompatible systems .  how do you guys want to talk through this ?
HAM Subject: communication of deferral plan status for active and inactive  employees  attached please find information which has been sent to active and inactive deferral plan participants regarding the status of their deferred compensation accounts . the information consists of a letter which provides details of account balance ( s ) by plan , life - to - date contributions under most plans , general q & a ' s regarding top hat non - qualified deferral plans , the process for preserving a claim with the bankruptcy court and a sample claim form . we have received many calls and think that this will answer most questions . any additional questions regarding deferrals may be forwarded to executive . compensation @ enron . com , voice mail 713 - 345 - 7960 , or to p . o . box 1188 in care of the deferral plan administration group for a written response .  we will continue to work with weil , gotshal , and manges llp to exhaust any reasonable effort as it relates to making payments to the participants of enron ' s deferral plans .  if you have questions , please call me at x 35816 .  pam butler
HAM Subject: project inga recap / follow up  recap :  the california project ' s ( " ace " ) fundamental position , coal generation in gas - on - margin market , is attractive on the fundamentals . ace ' s economics through a range of scenarios ( forward srac rates ) also appears attractive . however , due to the uncertainty in the california market , the deal team needs to resolve issues 1 . and 2 . ( at minimum ) before returning for final approval :  timing risk : price and execute a 30 - 40 day call on " deal purchase " to keep competition at bay and buy time to work through market and partner risks .  market risk : approach so cal edison and cdwr to structure and close a deal that enables ace to sell directly to cdwr ( or other credit worthy counter party for term , or at least until so cal edison starts honouring its qf contract with ace on a current pay basis .  partner risk : approach constellation , co - managing partner in ace , to price / structure buyout of their interest in ace or a swap of pennsylvania for california project positions .  follow up :  the following actions have been taken :  timing risk : greg blair initiated discussions last night with the seller ' s advisor , chase , to purchase an option to close in late april . we expect to hear back from ahlstrom ( seller ) today or friday . deal team will notify office of chairman when we discover ahlstrom ' s bottom line on option premium , expiration date and strike price .  market risk & partner risk : greg blair and terry donovan put messages into millenium ( ace manager ) and constellation to get things moving on cdwr / edison deal and to see if we can structure a deal to get control of ace . substantive progress on either front will be reported .  regards ,  mike j miller
HAM Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure  start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .
HAM Subject: october deals  daren ,  i have 2 allocation exceptions that require a deal to be extended . meter  98 - 1488 tenaska is showing small volumes flowed on days there was no deal .  can you extend the deal throughout the month so that the volumes will have a  deal to link to . i have the same situation on meter 98 - 1601 .  if you have any questions , please let me know .  thanks ,  susan
HAM Subject: pg & e plan of reorganization  all :  attached is a csfb synopsis of pg & e ' s plan of reorganization ( por ) . the key to successful consummation of the por is being able to move pg & e ' s retained generating assets ( primarily diablo canyon nuclear and the hydro ) from cpuc jurisdiction to ferc jurisdiction , under a disaggregation of the assets ( genco , disco , electransco & gastransco ) . the current cost of service generation rate at cpuc for these assets is approximately 2 . 8 cents per kwh . the por envisions a ppa between genco and disco at approximately 4 . 5 cents per kwh . the ferc would use a concept of benchmarking in approving this rate . benchmarking is a market rate comparison .  while the por contemplates no rate increase from the existing average generation rate of 9 . 4 cents per kwh , with the now lower cdwr revenue requirement , the cpuc could possibly reduce rates in the interim . this could give the cpuc cover in alleging that the por is a rate increase . the critical legal point in the por is preemption in the bankruptcy court . under this doctrine , federal law can preempt state law , as part of the por . judge montali will have to approve this move . while pg & e envisions por consummation by 12 / 31 / 02 , given the precedent setting nature of this move and what will surely be an adverse cpuc attitude , the process could drag on longer as it is fully adjudicated through the appeals process .  on our claims , the por at consumation would pay 60 cents cash and 40 cents in reconstituted notes designed to trade at par . interest would be paid from por confirmation to consummation . our $ 403 million in px credits claims are listed as contested . the challenges listed are based on : 1 ) the rate freeze having ended and 2 ) the effect of ferc price mitigation on the px clearing price .  regards ,  michael
HAM Subject: managing director and vice president elections  great news ! it ' s nice to see that hard work and a great attitude get  recognized .  louis casari  vice president , mid office operations  enron broadband services  713 - 853 - 4302 , room eb 4619  lou _ casari @ enron . net  - - - - - forwarded by lou casari / enron communications on 01 / 15 / 01 09 : 14 am - - - - -  office of the chairman @ enron  sent by : office of the chairman @ enron  01 / 12 / 01 07 : 31 pm  to : all enron worldwide  cc :  subject : managing director and vice president elections  the managing director prc committee met this week to elect individuals to  managing director and vice president positions . these employees are  recognized as outstanding contributors to the organization , whose individual  efforts have been instrumental in the continued success and growth of the  company . we are pleased to announce the election of the following new  managing directors and vice presidents . please join us in congratulating  these individuals on their new appointments .  managing director  ) commercial  phillip k . allen , ena ( ews ) west gas trading - houston  franklin r . bay , ebs entertainment on demand - houston  timothy n . belden , ena ( ews )  ) west power trading - portland  michael r . brown , eel  ) executive - london  christopher f . calger , ena ( ews ) west power origination - portland  joseph m . deffner , ena ( ews ) treasury & funding - houston  timothy j . detmering , ena ( ews ) corporate development - houston  william d . duran , ena ( ews ) generation investments - houston  robert s . gahn , ees commodity structuring - houston  kevin c . garland , ebs broadband ventures - houston  ben f . glisan , jr . , corporate  ) global equity markets - houston  robert e . hayes , ets comm marketing - houston  phillip r . milnthorp , ena ( ews ) canada origination & trading - calgary  managing director  ) commercial support  sally w . beck , enw ( ews ) energy operations management - houston  fernley dyson , eel finance & support services - london  vice president  ) commercial  gregory adams , ees mmc management - houston  robert bayley , eel - uk origination  ) london  jack d . boatman , ets market development  ) houston  rhenn cherry , ees assets / labor  ) houston  niamh clarke , egm ( ews ) liquids trading  ) london  peter crilly , eel - uk origination  ) london  derek j . davies , ena ( ews ) canada origination  ) calgary  mark d . davis , jr . , ena ( ews ) east power trading  ) houston  charles delacey , corporate finance  ) houston  paul devries , ena ( ews ) canada origination  ) toronto  christopher h . foster , ena ( ews ) west power trading  ) portland  jeffrey f . golden , ees corporate development  ) houston  michael d . grigsby , ena west gas trading group - houston  troy a . henry , ees bundled sales - heavy industrial  ) houston  rogers herndon , ena ( ews ) east power trading  ) houston  james w . lewis , ees underwriting  ) houston  christopher mahoney , egm ( ews ) liquids trading  ) london  andrew marsden , ebs broadband ventures  ) london  john mcclain , ebs broadband wholesale origination  ) houston  kevin j . mcgowan , egm ( ews ) american coal  ) houston  albert e . mcmichael , jr . , ena ( ews ) gas commodity structuring  ) houston  ermes i . melinchon , central america origination  ) houston  steven r . meyers , ees consumption  ) houston  lloyd d . miller , ena ( ews ) portfolio management  ) houston  michael a . miller , wind development / execution - general administration  )  houston  marcello romano , ebs eel - broadband trading  ) london  david a . samuels , enw ( ews ) enrononline - houston  per a . sekse , egm ( ews ) global risk markets  ) new york  edward s . smida , ebs video on demand  ) houston  mark tawney , egm ( ews ) weather trading  ) houston  jon thomsen , ebs business development  ) latin america / canada  ) portland  barry l . tycholiz , ena ( ews ) west gas origination - houston  frank w . vickers , ena ( ews ) east gas origination  ) houston  amit walia , corporate , corporate development  ) houston  william white , ebs global bandwidth risk mgmt  ) houston  jonathan whitehead , eel ea trading  ) japan  mark whitt , ena ( ews ) west gas origination  ) denver  john a . zufferli , ena ( ews ) canada power trading - calgary  vice president  ) commercial support  beth apollo , eel financial operations executive  ) london  marla barnard , ebs human resources  ) houston  karen l . denne , corporate , public relations  ) houston  georganne m . hodges , ena ( ews ) trading , origination & power plant accounting   ) houston  phillip lord , eel transaction support  ) london  peggy mahoney , ees marketing  ) communication  ) houston  steven montovano , corporate , government & regulatory affairs  ) dublin  laura scott , ena ( ews ) canada accounting  ) calgary  richard c . sherman , ena ( ews ) transaction support  ) houston  gregory w . stubblefield , ees financial planning & reporting  ) houston  dennis d . vegas , calme international public relations  ) houston  vice president  ) specialized technical  sami arap sobrinho , esa ( ews ) legal  ) houston  merat bagha , ebs sales engineering  ) houston  justin boyd , eel legal  ) london  mary nell browning , ebs legal  ) london  jonathan chapman , eel legal  ) london  robert d . eickenroht , corporate , legal  ) houston  mark evans , eel legal  ) london  david forster , enw ( ews ) enrononline  ) houston  janine juggins , eel tax  ) london  peter c . keohane , ena ( ews ) canada legal  ) calgary  pinnamaneni v . krishnarao , ena ( ews ) research group  ) houston  travis c . mccullough , ena ( ews ) finance origination , mergers / acquisitions  )  houston  michael popkin , esa ( ews ) sa - risk management / network integration  ) houston  elizabeth a . sager , ena ( ews ) physical trading  ) houston  richard b . sanders , ena ( ews ) litigation  ) houston  john w . schwartzenburg , eecc legal  ) houston  michael d . smith , ees legal  ) houston  marcus vonbock und polach , eel legal  ) london  jay c . webb , enw ( ews ) enrononline systems  ) houston  vice president  ) technical  donald r . hawkins , ets quality management  ) houston  john r . keller , ets engineering & construction  ) houston
HAM Subject: 1 : 30 trade counts  trade date na gas na power total trade cnt  11 / 21 / 2001 2262 693 3454  11 / 20 / 2001 3296 641 4660  11 / 19 / 2001 3258 899 5038  11 / 18 / 2001 40 10 50  11 / 17 / 2001 17 26 43  11 / 16 / 2001 2516 905 4666  11 / 15 / 2001 2720 973 4871  11 / 14 / 2001 2378 787 4944  11 / 13 / 2001 2210 865 4607  11 / 12 / 2001 2519 753 4578  11 / 11 / 2001 21 10 32  11 / 10 / 2001 13 17 30  11 / 9 / 2001 1795 764 3594  11 / 8 / 2001 2264 876 4200  11 / 7 / 2001 3283 1405 5677  11 / 6 / 2001 3609 1449 5937  11 / 5 / 2001 3741 1461 6093  11 / 4 / 2001 11 6 18  11 / 3 / 2001 13 29 42  11 / 2 / 2001 3668 1120 5627  11 / 1 / 2001 3852 1404 6313  regional breakdown :
HAM Subject: re : corporate card  yes tony ,  mike authorized you for a corp . card , however that ' s  something your asst . can do in london for you .  if you need further asst . please inform . . . . . . .  kevin moore  tony hamilton @ enron  04 / 30 / 2001 07 : 28 am  to : mike . a . roberts @ enron . com , tani . nath @ enron . com , kevin . g . moore @ enron . com  cc :  subject : corporate card  is it possible for me to get a corporate card , and if so , who do i need to  contact regarding this ?  thanks  tony
HAM Subject: gtcs , forms and agreements  the goal is to finalize the gtcs and all significant trading forms and receive ubs warburg comments and sign - off by both legal and credit by the end of business on friday . to that end , bryan murtagh and sanjev [ credit ] are coming down to houston tomorrow evening for meetings in eb 38 c 2 starting at 9 : 00 am on thursday and 1 : 00 pm on friday . this timing is important in the overall rollout plan . peter keohane is also coming to houston for the meetings to make parallel changes to the canadian forms .  generally , the plan is to finish the financial gtcs , the isda schedule and collateral support agreement paragraph 13 first on thursday . next , we should go to the physical gas gtcs , the enfolio master and the adoption agreement . finally , we should proceed to the eei master and collateral annex . also , there should be a discussion of the wspp and any other western related issues .  on a separate track , all gas transportation and related gas agreements ( most of which are non - negotiable ) are being prepared by suzanne calcagno , jeff hodge , gerald nemec and angela davis . these agreements will also require sign - off by legal and credit . a discussion should be scheduled on thursday or friday . on the power side , ercot issues should be discussed , but otherwise the discussion of transmission agreements etc . can wait until next week .  please identify all critical path issues to achieve the above - stated goal . thanks in advance for all the hard work !
HAM Subject: meeting on feb 8 , 2001  dear sir ,  i would like to apologize for the delay in responding to your fax .  i was on vacation for the last few days .  i shall be honored to meet your delegation on thursday , february 8 at 10 : 00  a . m .  please , let me know if you will be free for lunch after the meeting .  vince kaminski
HAM Subject: fw : northeast rto mediation report  fyi  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : novosel , sarah  sent : tuesday , september 18 , 2001 8 : 36 am  to : kean , steven j . ; shapiro , richard ; steffes , james d . ; nicolay , christi l . ; lindberg , susan ; robertson , linda ; fulton , donna ; alvarez , ray ; connor , joe ; staines , dan ; stroup , kerry ; migden , janine ; walton , steve ; comnes , alan ; mara , susan ; maurer , luiz ; philipp , meredith  cc : allegretti , daniel ; hoatson , tom ; fromer , howard  subject : northeast rto mediation report  yesterday afternoon , september 17 , the judge in the northeast rto mediation proceeding issued his report to the commission on the 45 - day mediation session . although not unexpected , but still disappointing , the judge endorses the market design proposal of the new york and new england isos . this market design proposal encompasses a long , drawn out process for discussing what the northeast market should look like ( minimum 12 months ) before work begins to develop the new rto . the target implementation date of the isos is november , 2004 , but the proposal clearly states that this time frame is " subject to extension " if new design requirements are introduced . we believe the true intent of the isos is to delay indefinitely this process in order to retain the three existing iso structures . a copy of the judge ' s report and the business plan are attached .  one good aspect of the judge ' s report is that he asks in several areas of the report for commission guidance . we too believe this is necessary . it became quite evident early in the mediation proceeding that we were not going to agree with the new york entities ( or the new england iso ) on market design or governance . we argued that ferc intended the new market design to be primarily the pjm system , with enhancements where possible . others , relying on the ambiguity in ferc ' s orders , argued that ferc really intended to create a new system , using pjm as the platform but pulling heavily from the other two isos , regardless of time or complication of creating this new market . we need ferc direction on this , and the judge makes this clear .  background  the judge ' s primary goal of this 45 - day mediation process was simply to establish a " business plan " which lays out how and when a single northeast rto will be created . enron , along with many other participants , opposed this approach , arguing that we are wasting the 45 days given to us by the commission . the judge acknowledges in his report that there was significant opposition to his approach but he thinks it worked out perfectly . although the majority of the judge ' s report and the business plan focuses mainly on process for creating the business plan , he does discuss two substantive issues : market design and governance .  market design  at the beginning of the mediation , pjm , ny and ne submitted a joint proposal for forming a single northeast rto . this proposal envisions a time - intensive approached designed to reach agreement by all stakeholders , with an implementation date in 3 - 4 years ( " option 1 - m " of the business plan ) . this proposal is now supported by the new england and new york isos - pjm has its own approach ( see below ) . the new york transmission owners also submitted a proposal for implementing the new rto in 3 years ( " option 2 - m " of the business plan ) . pjm submitted an alternative proposal for creating and implementing a single northeast rto with a single day - ahead and real - time energy market by november 2003 ( " option 3 - m " of the business plan ) .  we took the lead in creating a coalition of marketers , generators , pjm tos , industrials , and other end use customers ( the one rto coalition ) advocating the creation of a single energy market based on pjm ' s system by december 2002 , but no later than may , 2003 . although we ( enron ) believe pjm ' s november 2003 time frame is too conservative , the coalition supports option 3 - m ( pjm ' s approach ) since it achieves the coalition ' s goals , albeit on a slower timetable .  as noted above , the judge endorses option 1 - m , in part because it has a built - in a process for determining " best practices . " although pjm also conducted a " best practices " analysis , the other isos and ny tos do not agree with pjm ' s determinations of what practices from their isos are " best practices . "  the judge acknowledges that support for option 3 - m ( the pjm plan ) " far outstrips " the other options in diversity and extent of stakeholder support . however , the judge believes that the pjm option assumes the pjm platform can work in new york and new england , even though there are more generation divestiture and load pocket issues in new york and new england than in pjm . the judge states that " impatience , haste and greed " should not be permitted to drive the rto process " at the expense of sound policy " and that optimal rto benefits should not be sacrificed in order to allow some to " exploit more immediate economic opportunity in a sprint . " see report , page 18 .  governance  the other substantive issues we have discussed are governance : interim governance , final governance , board make - up and stakeholder process . the judge opted to not endorse any one of the options proposed - instead , he discusses the pros and cons of each option . here again , the judge strongly urges the commission to provide guidance to the participants on the commission ' s preferred governance approach . the judge also suggests that a settlement judge may be helpful in assisting stakeholders in finalizing governance procedures .  pjm has stated that in order to meet its deadline of november 2003 ( and certainly earlier ) , pjm has to be in control of the implementation of the new rto . pjm proposes that the new board be made up of board members from the existing isos : 5 from pjm , 3 from new york , and 2 from new england . the board elects a voting ceo ( assumed to be phil harris if the pjm proposal wins ) .  ny iso , new england iso , ny psc , ny tos and new england tos , along with other entities ( primarily those who are afraid to cross new york psc ) all support equal representation on the new board . one proposal would have 3 board members from each iso with a non - voting ceo . the other proposal would have 3 board members from each iso with 4 additional board members to be elected by stakeholders .  we support the pjm board make - up proposal to ensure a fast transition to a single northeast rto and energy market based on the pjm system .  post mediation  the judge in his report recommends that the commission issue an order resolving as many of the issues in dispute as possible and then establish further proceedings under the auspice of a settlement judge .  the judge urges the commission to not accept comments from participants , but he acknowledges that all participants want an opportunity to comment . we are working on two sets of comments now , one on our own and one in conjunction with the one rto coalition . we will circulate drafts as soon as they are prepared .  although we are disappointed that the judge did not endorse the pjm proposal , we still believe that the commission is intent on implementing a single northeast rto as soon as possible and that the pjm proposal provides a well - reasoned ( even conservative ) approach to reaching that goal . therefore , even though the judge sided with new york , we are hopeful that the commission will stick to its guns and go with the pjm proposal .  please call any one of us if you have any questions or would like to discuss the report .  sarah , dan , howard and tom
HAM Subject: meter 9707  daren - meter 9707 has flow for oct . 1 ( 1 . 459 mmbtu ) . deal # 125786 was used  for sept . 2000 . could you please extend the deal or have a new one  created ? thanks .  al
HAM Subject: confidential information and securities trading  to : kaminski , wincenty  email : vkamins @ enron . com - 7138533848  ?  enron wholesale services - office of the chairman  ?  from : ? ? mark frevert , chairman & ceo  ? ? ? ? ? ? greg whalley , president & coo  ? ? ? ? ? ? mark haedicke , managing director & general counsel  ?  subject : ? ? confidential information and securities trading  ?  enron wholesale services ( ' ews ' ) maintains official policies and procedures  regarding confidential information and securities trading ( ' policies and  procedures ' ) , which have been revised as of november 15 , 2000 to reflect the  new ews structure . these policies and procedures are intended to allow us  simultaneously to pursue our diverse businesses and to protect confidential  information , our reputation for integrity , and ews and its employees from  legal liability .  ?  you are required to become familiar with , and to comply with , the policies  and procedures . the newly revised policies and procedures are available for  your review on legalonline , the new intranet website maintained by the enron  wholesale services legal department . please click on the attached link to  access legalonline :  ?  ?  you must certify your compliance with the policies and procedures within two  weeks of your receipt of this message . the legalonline site will allow you  to quickly and conveniently certify your compliance on - line with your sap  personal id number . if you have any questions concerning the policies or  procedures , please call lance schuler at extension 3 - 5419 , mark haedicke at  extension 3 - 6544 , alan aronowitz at extension 3 - 3214 , bob bruce at extension  5 - 7780 or donna lowry at extension 3 - 1939 .
HAM Subject: ets day of caring  ets ' day of caring is thursday , august 9 . to date , we have over 65 ets volunteers - thank you ! more volunteers would ensure ets ' success .  on day of caring , ets will be working at the harbach ripley center located at 6225 northdale . transportation will be provided to and from the enron building to the center . bright yellow t - shirts are available for all of our ets volunteers . t - shirts can be picked up at ebl 638 e .  box lunches will be available for day of caring volunteers at the enron building . morning volunteers will get their lunch when they return to the enron building , and afternoon volunteers will get their lunch when they leave for the harbach ripley center .  specifically , during the day of caring morning and afternoon shifts , we ' ll be painting , replacing baseboards , cleaning and interacting with the seniors and the children at the center . all of these activities are indoors .  there have been several questions about whether you have to take vacation to participate in the ets august 9 day of caring . you do not have to take vacation . however , please make sure you coordinate your time out of the office during day of caring with your team and / or supervisor .  please sign up to volunteer for day of caring via the on - line link below , and indicate which shift , morning or afternoon , you prefer .  please contact kimberly nelson ( x 33580 ) with questions .  pull out your working boots and let ' s have some fun together at ets day of caring !  
HAM Subject: west positions  print the " west power position " tab from each of the spreadsheets attached below . i have also forwarded results of recent polling that was done in california that i found very interesting .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tim belden / hou / ect on 03 / 16 / 2001 07 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : janel guerrero @ enron on 03 / 16 / 2001 07 : 21 am cst  to : tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , elliot mainzer / pdx / ect @ ect , alan comnes / pdx / ect @ ect , paul kaufman / pdx / ect @ ect , lysa akin / pdx / ect @ ect , susan j mara / na / enron @ enron , jeff dasovich / na / enron @ enron , sandra mccubbin / na / enron @ enron , joseph alamo / na / enron @ enron , hgovenar @ govadv . com , sgovenar @ govadv . com , bhansen @ lhom . com , ken @ kdscommunications . com , leslie lawner / na / enron @ enron , mary schoen / na / enron @ enron , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , john neslage / enron _ development @ enron _ development , james d steffes / na / enron @ enron , harry kingerski / na / enron @ enron , stacey bolton / na / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : executive summary - - ca statewide survey  in order to keep today ' s polling presenation brief , i am sending everyone a copy of the executive summary which public opinion strategies is likely to spend the majority of time discussing .  call if you have questions . thanks
HAM Subject: meeting  tracy ,  confirming the meeting tomorrow , thursday , 1 : 30 p . m .  vince kaminski
HAM Subject: cera list of proposed western pipelines  rita hartfield  phone : 713 - 853 - 5854  fax : 713 - 646 - 4702  cell : 713 - 504 - 5428  rita . hartfield @ enron . com
HAM Subject: f / up  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 22 / 2000  04 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  clayton vernon @ enron  12 / 21 / 2000 03 : 51 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : f / up  vince -  i got your message ( i was up on the roof of the building helping to fix the  weather satellite dish - what a gorgeous view of houston ! ) .  i appreciate your words . everything remains fine , vince . you are my " father "  here at enron , and i admire and respect you greatly . i think i know the kind  of person you are , in terms of your integrity , and i admire the high  standards you set for all of us in your extended " group . "  i want to let you know i am not the only one in the group who doesn ' t  appreciate the way maureen disrespects you . you remain the key external  factor in their success - it is not simply their own abilities that matter to  their futures but your own - vince ' s - success with upper management that  matters .  we respect you , and we don ' t like it when you are disrespected . maureen  didn ' t disrespect me today , vince , she disrespected you .  it ' s time i told you something . last april , maureen , highly intoxicated  following a work - related function at ninfa ' s , made an unsolicited predatory  sexual advance on me at my desk on the 19 th floor . i was shocked and  disgusted , but i didn ' t say one word about this , vince , because i played it  out and didn ' t want to put you into the position of having a raving maureen  in your midst as you perhaps had to fire her and then endure a litany of  gender - bias crap lawsuits .  i " took one for the team , " vince . i can ' rt say i would do it again - maureen  is brazen to berate me after what she did , in public no less .  i appreciate your bringing me into enron . i ' ve found a respectful and ,  indeed , a loving work environment . i remain willing to do whatever i can to  help the group .  clayton
HAM Subject: opportunity to discuss  sally  i feel i already know you having had the benefit of sitting next to brent for  the last few months - but i realise i have been impolite in not organising a  call just to introduce myself and arrange dates for a visit to houston .  additionally brent , shona and i have spent some excellent time on the subject  of internal control enivronment / operational risk / doorstep and i wanted to  agree potential next steps with you .  do you have anytime today / tomorrow ?  regards  mike
HAM Subject: british pound analysis  vince ,  the attached report on the pound incorporates some minor edits from your  version . we will be inserting graphics into the report tomorrow to show  interest rate differentials , exchange rate movements , and growth rate  differentials .  maureen
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 26 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ;  start date : 1 / 26 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012608 . txt
HAM Subject: re : summer internship  vince ,  i appreciate your inquiry regarding an extra spot in the summer associate  pool . i am looking forward to hearing from you soon .  best regards ,  - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  cantekin dincerler  doctoral candidate  the university of texas at austin  graduate school of business  department of finance  office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356  http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : wednesday , march 29 , 2000 8 : 34 am  > to : cantekin @ mail . utexas . edu  > cc : vince j kaminski ; vasant shanbhogue  > subject : re : summer internship  >  >  >  >  > cantekin ,  >  > the summer associate program has closed but i shall check to see  > if i can get one extra place .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  >  > " cantekin dincerler " on 03 / 28 / 2000  > 11 : 48 : 53 am  >  > please respond to cantekin @ mail . utexas . edu  >  > to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com  > cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect )  > subject : summer internship  >  >  >  > hi vince ,  >  > i am writing you at this time to inquire as to the potential  > of renewing my  > internship at enron for the summer of 2000 .  >  > while the date of my request is later than i would have  > wished , the reason  > is that i had originally planned to go back to turkey this  > summer and get  > my mandatory military duty done . however , i now realize i can  > put it off to  > a further date . that left me wondering if you believe there  > is a project  > that i can get involved in this summer and be useful . if that were the  > case , i would be more than happy to postpone my military duty  > and spend the  > summer with the research group . i discussed this with dr .  > ronn , and he is  > very supportive of this idea .  >  > i apologize again for bringing up this issue late , and look forward to  > hearing from you .  >  > best regards ,  >  > - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  > cantekin dincerler  >  > doctoral candidate  > the university of texas at austin  > graduate school of business  > department of finance  > office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676  > fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  > home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356  > http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin  > - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - -  >  >  >  >  >  >  >
HAM Subject: fw : annuities for desk analysis in st - wserv book  dear all ,  regarding the email i sent below , for deal # 442038 and # 442872 , they were originally entered in oct , 2000 for st - whourly book to receive annuity amount of $ 53 , 518 . 94 from saguaro and $ 172 , 518 . 16 from las vegas cogen respectively . however , they were supposed to be for st - wserv to receive those money because at that time , st - wserv book was not set up yet . these amounts had already gone through to st - whouly book in 11 / 30 / 00 p & l as pma . in jun 2001 , the deals were changed to st - wserv book but they were not actually picked up by settlement and risk ( as the deals have already liquidated , i . e . , strip dates are passed ) . in order to reflect the change in desk , we need to put in two annuities today :  # 683673 - st - wserv sell to st - whourly for $ 53 , 518 . 94  # 683684 - st - wserv sell to st - whourly for $ 172 , 518 . 16  these amounts will be showing up in 7 / 12 p chang , fran ; rawson , lester ; foster , chris h . ; clemons , amy ; confer , mark  subject : re : annuities for desk analysis in st - wserv book  [ i have sent out this email earlier but i needed to revise it so i recalled it . for those of you who received the earlier version , please just discard it . ]  hi godfrey ,  i would like to summarize our discussion on those deals we have had questions about ( as described in the previous emails ) , in terms of when and how they will be come through or corrected in the coming future . please review and let me know if they are not correct :  1 . # 442038 - the change in the annuity amount of $ 4 , 706 . 28 ( from $ 53 , 518 . 94 to $ 48 , 812 . 66 ) will be coming through in june desk analysis ( = pma at the end of july ) as an outflow to st - wserv book .  chris and les - i will put in a new annuity deal for the amount of $ 53 , 518 . 94 for st - wserv book sell to st - whourly to reflect the change in desk ( from st - whourly to st - wserv ) of the deal ; the desk change made on 4 / 17 was not picked up by settlement as they were not informed . with the adjustment , the net effect of $ 48 , 812 . 66 will be given back to wserv .  2 . # 584331 - it will come through in june desk analysis  3 . # 600480 & # 595779 - since these are interdesk deals , we will take care of it by entering two new annuity deals today ( # 680210 & # 680220 ) . they were not picked up by settlement as pma when they were entered on 5 / 2 & 4 / 29 because they were interdesk deals .  4 . # 598971 ( leg 1 - 5 ) - they will show up in july desk analysis ( = pma at the end of august )  5 . # 442872 - the change in the annuity amount of $ 126 , 542 . 87 ( from $ 172 , 518 . 16 to $ 45 , 975 . 29 ) will be coming through in jun desk analysis as an outflow to st - wserv book .  again , the change in desk ( from st - whouly to st - wserv ) will then be reflected by a new annutiy deal for $ 172 , 518 . 16 with st - wserv sell to st - whouly .  6 . # 666350 & # 666351 - they will show up in june desk analysis ( = pma at the end of july )  please feel free to correct or add anything to the above information .  thanks ,  samantha  503 . 464 . 7248
HAM Subject: etc - officer election notice  enron travel club officer election notice :  please be advised that we will have election of officers at our regularly scheduled meeting scheduled  for tuesday , november 13 , 2001 . if you know someone that you would like to nominate for a position ,  please forward the name ( s ) to dianne langeland by november 6 th . she will contact the nominee ( s )  to see if he / she is willing to serve and notify the membership of the nominee ( s ) prior to the meeting .  thanks !
HAM Subject: ranks communication  after getting your imput , i think this is the best :  we will only communicate needs improvement and issues . there will be  differing messages for needs improvement which fit the situation - some need  to hear that they are not performing at a high enought level relative to  peers to help us achieve business goals or for them to be considered for a  bonus ( may need to finda another role within or outside enron which is a  better fit ) . message to someone new to enron in that category should be  different . glad they are here : believe that as they learn the organization  and their job that they will be able to make significant contribution : doing  the right thing to learn business , but that contributions to date are not  significant enough to warrant payment of a bonus .  let me know what you think .  thanks  bob
HAM Subject: fw : recent deal ( re : ecf )  fyi  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : goodpasture , john  sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 9 : 46 am  to : bilberry , michael ; hilgert , chris  cc : mrha , jean  subject : recent deal  congratulations on closing the deal with formosa , teppco , et al . it sounds like it was a very complex negotiation with a number of different players .  clean fuels is certainly pleased with the new long term storage arrangement with formosa . we will begin working with them to better define the operating parameters ( timing , pressures , volumes , etc ) so we can develop the specific facility plans and cost estimates as necessary .  you had also mentioned that you might be willing to share the management presentation that was put together for this deal ? that would be very interesting reading and i would appreciate a copy if possible .  thanks again , john goodpasture
HAM Subject: re :  the distribution has been created - dl - netco . however , is it possible for me to ask tammie to enter all the names ? the hr generalists are meeting with all of the department heads to make sure that we communicate to their employees that they have been identified for netco so we are a bit short of resources this morning .  thanks -  amy  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : wednesday , december 19 , 2001 6 : 29 pm  to : fitzpatrick , amy  cc : schoppe , tammie  subject :  i really need that email done , if we can ' t do it with it then tammie can do it in the morning .  louise kitchen  chief operating officer  enron americas  tel : 713 853 3488  fax : 713 646 2308
HAM Subject: relief for earthquake victims in el salvador  on saturday , january 13 , 2001 , an earthquake shook central america . the  earthquake , which had a magnitude of 7 . 6 , was centered off of el salvador ' s  central coast . the death toll is currently at 700 , and the damage has been  estimated at nearly $ 1 billion , nearly half of the country ' s annual budget .  enron employees are encouraged to donate to relief efforts and to take  advantage of our matching gift program to double the impact of your  donation . enron will match , dollar for dollar , every donation that you make ,  up to $ 15 , 000 annually per employee . listed below are a multitude of  organizations that are offering aid to the victims of this earthquake . to  print a matching gift form , please click here and then click on gifts , grants  and giving . please fill out the form and send it with your check to  3 ac - 1409 . we will send the money collected , along with a check from enron  for the same amount , to each of the organizations . please make sure to write  " el salvador " on your check .  if you have any questions , please contact misha siegel via email .  thank you , in advance , for your support !  organizations aiding victims of the earthquake in el salvador :  adventist development and relief agency  american friends service committee  american jewish joint distribution committee  american jewish world service  american red cross  baptist world aid  b ' nai b ' rith international  brothers ' brother foundation  care  catholic medical mission board  catholic relief services  childreach / plan international  christian reformed world relief committee  church world service  concern america  concern worldwide  direct relief international  doctors without borders  international aid  international relief teams  lutheran world relief  map international  mercy corps international  operation usa  oxfam america  presbyterian disaster assistance  project concern international  salvation army world service  save the children  share foundation  united methodist committee on relief  us fund for unicef  world relief , department 3  world vision
HAM Subject: fortune ' s power 50  dear ms . kitchen ,  you are a strong contender to be on fortune ? s list of the 50 most powerful  women in business this year . please take a moment to make our powerful  women issue as engaging and fun for our magazine readers and website users  as it has been for us . by answering the following questions , you can help  us to get a better sense of you and your busy life .  please e - mail the information back to alynda _ wheat @ fortunemail . com by the  end of the day on september 14 . we realize this doesn ? t give you much time ,  but this will go a long way to making our coverage more accurate and  enjoyable .  sincerely ,  vera titunik  senior editor  fortune  date of birth  where did you go to college ? graduate school ? please provide the names of  your educational institutions , indicating graduate or undergraduate level .  what was your undergraduate major ?  how long have you been at your company ?  how many times have you changed jobs or been promoted in the past five years ?  what was your very first job ?  what is your marital status ?  if you are married , what does your husband do for a living ?  do you have children ? how many ?  what is your greatest passion outside of work ?  was your mother employed outside of the home ?  when was your last vacation and where did you go ?  please finish this sentence , " i can ' t live without my _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ . "
HAM Subject: re : swerzbin has signed ! ! !  don ' t believe you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : fitzpatrick , amy  sent : friday , august 03 , 2001 5 : 54 pm  to : oxley , david  subject : swerzbin has signed ! ! !  still working on heizenrader , richter and belden - michelle and i have been in discussions .  the only concern ( nothing on the numbers ) is the legal issue that west power currently faces from california .  i will keep you posted !  amy
HAM Subject: re : energy course  julie ,  no objections . please , include our names .  vince  " julie " on 05 / 05 / 2000 04 : 22 : 29 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : energy course  dear vince ,  thanks for attending the energy derivatives course , and i hope you found it  valuable .  there ' s been some interest from other course attendees to put together a  contact list and distribute it to one another . i ' m contacting you to see if  you or zimin lu have any objection to being included on the list . we will  include only details that you approve , such as name , company name , address  and email if you wish .  we would like to send out the list early next week , so please let us know .  thanks ,  julie  ps - how ' s the chapter ?  - attl . htm
HAM Subject: houston gbn steering committee - june 4 th  this is just a reminder that we have a meeting of the steering committee of  the houston chapter of the gbn this sunday at 4 : 30 at guadalajara . attached  is a proposed agenda .  please let myself or glenn know if you will there .  thanks ,  chris  - gbn agenda 6 - 4 - 00 . doc
HAM Subject: re : interim operational , accounting and tax services porvided by  ena  i agree with the section written for settlements . i would very much like to  be included in your meeting .  thanks ,  bob  enron north america corp .  from : brenda f herod 03 / 02 / 2000 05 : 43 pm  to : curry @ texaco . com , davisrl @ texaco . com , ledoujk @ texaco . com ,  mullimi @ texaco . com , trevor mihalik / enron _ development @ enron _ development ,  robert shiring / hou / ect @ ect , jim coffey / hou / ect @ ect , karry  kendall / hou / ect @ ect , harold bertram / hou / ect @ ect , meersbe @ texaco . com , sandra  hrna / hou / ect @ ect , jay knoblauh / hou / ect @ ect , steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect ,  rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d  sorenson / hou / ect @ ect , bob klein / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect ,  carrie hollomon / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tommy j yanowski / hou / ect @ ect , shonnie daniel / hou / ect @ ect , sally  beck / hou / ect @ ect , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect  subject : interim operational , accounting and tax services porvided by ena  the attached document is draft 4 of the interim services ena will provide to  bridgeline . please review and provide any comments asap as we are working  towards a final version .  i will be coordinating a meeting for next week to review these services and  provide a status . if you are interested in attending , please let me know .  thanks ,  brenda  713 - 853 - 5778
HAM Subject: enron networks offsite  hi - i just wanted to give you a quick run down on the meeting yesterday .  three people spoke at the meeting - jeff mcmahon , louise and philippe . there  was a lot of attention given to enrononline and it ' s success . greg whalley  spoke via satellite from london . the basic theme was what it is going to  take to survive in today ' s fast moving markets and how we are going to get  there , and that in five years all businesses will be internet companies or  not companies at all . . . . .  greg spoke briefly about what we were going to do to upgrade and expand  existing platforms and the fact that no other player in the industry can do  this but us because of our financial capabilities , reputation , and it  resources .  louise went over statistics , products offered , etc . on enrononline .  philippe discussed all the it projects in the works - the key one for ena was  enhancement of deal capture , valuation and settlements ( no surprises  there ! ) . one other common theme was streamlining our current systems . he  also confirmed the fact that we were moving from lotus notes to exchange , and  discussed the fact that we were running out of space in the building for our  equipment ( and the ability to keep the room cool ) so they were looking to  ardmore for this .  jeff m . stated that we were looking for opportunities to capitalize on  inefficiencies in the market , and get into other industries ( e . g . mg metals  in europe ) . he also stated that enron was going to venture capitalists for  financial support and backing . of course , this means that enron will have to  give up some control , but it leads to increased deal flow , market share and  new ideas . . . . he said the initial backing will be in the neighborhoods of  $ 1 b - most likely in q 3 .  i tried to capture the main topics , let me know if you have any questions !  sheri
HAM Subject: re : resume  vasant ,  i agree .  vince  from : vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 10 : 00 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : resume  vince ,  he seems to have mostly equity and fixed income background ( and then some credit exposure calculation ) with not much credit data analysis experience . i do not think he would be appropriate for bryan ' s group - - he needs a person who tracks market developments and understands fundamental data , and although this guy may be good at modeling , we already have iris and amitava doing the modeling and looking at data . at this stage , i would prefer to hire somebody with direct experience in credit analysis ( banking , rating agency ) . i am worried that if we get another person without data analysis experience , then amitava will find himself with two people ( iris being the other one ) who are both inexperienced in this area , and he will find himself doing a lot of the work anyway .  if you want to pursue him , we should probably do a phone interview first .  vasant  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 5 : 33 pm  to : shanbhogue , vasant  subject : re : resume  vasant ,  what do you think ? he may be expensive .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001 05 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  marshall brown on 04 / 25 / 2001 01 : 13 : 44 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : resume  vince ,  i apologize , i sent you the wrong resume ! here is the correct one .  >  marshall brown  vice president  robert walters associates  phone # : 212 - 704 - 0596  fax # : 212 - 704 - 4312  marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  www . robertwalters . com  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  > sent : wednesday , april 25 , 2001 1 : 08 pm  > to : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  > subject : re : resume  >  >  > marshall ,  >  > he looks ok but below the level of quant skills i typically look for  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > marshall brown on 04 / 23 / 2001 09 : 33 : 00  > am  >  > to : vince kaminski  > cc :  > subject : resume  >  >  > vince ,  > i know this candidate is actively interviewing at el paso and i think  > reliant . he has excellent quantitative background , but no real energy  > experience . if you are interested in speaking with him let me know .  > regards ,  > marshall brown  > vice president  > robert walters associates  > phone # : 212 - 704 - 0596  > fax # : 212 - 704 - 4312  > marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com  > www . robertwalters . com  >  >  > >  >  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could  > be intercepted by a third party .  >  > this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and  > intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they  > are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify  > the system manager .  >  > this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by  > mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses .  >  > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  >  > ( see attached file : litt _ har . doc )  >  > >  - litt _ tho . doc >  
HAM Subject: equistar feb - 01  daren - here are the equistar # ' s . there should be a total of 65 . 000 . there  is a new deal per janice at equistar at meter 1373 effective 2 / 01 . i have  not seen a deal for this . let me know if it is legitimate . no volumes were  added , just moved from meter to meter . ( deal # 378904 ) thanks .  al
HAM Subject: enron mentions  sec seeks information on enron dealings with partnerships recently run by fastow  the wall street journal , 10 / 23 / 01  where did the value go at enron ?  new york times , 10 / 23 / 01  front page - first section : sec probes enron over financial dealings  financial times ; oct 23 , 2001  companies oct 23 , 2001  enron discloses sec inquiry  the washington post , oct 23 , 2001  enron suffers after unclear disclosure , new york times says  bloomberg , 10 / 23 / 01  sec asks enron for investing data  houston chronicle , 10 / 23 / 01  minnesota mining and gm climb in a rally that builds late in day  the wall street journal , 10 / 23 / 01  world stock markets : wall st bargain hunters counter earnings gloom americas  financial times ; oct 23 , 2001  milberg weiss announces class action suit against enron corp .  business wire , 10 / 22 / 01  enron to host conference call tues 9 : 30 am edt  dow jones news service , 10 / 22 / 01  janus had biggest enron stake at end of 2 nd - quarter ( updatel )  bloomberg , 10 / 22 / 01  enron says sec asks about related - party transactions ( update 9 )  bloomberg , 10 / 22 / 01  trusts keeping enron off balance  thestreet . com , 10 / 22 / 01  why enron ' s writedown unnerves some investors  thestreet . com , 10 / 22 / 01  sec seeks information on enron dealings with partnerships recently run by fastow  by rebecca smith and john r . emshwiller  staff reporters of the wall street journal  10 / 23 / 2001  the wall street journal  a 3  ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . )  enron corp . said it has been contacted by the securities and exchange commission seeking information on the energy giant ' s controversial dealings with partnerships that were set up and run until recently by its chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow .  following enron ' s announcement yesterday morning of the sec inquiry , the company ' s stock took another big slide , falling more than 20 % in new york stock exchange trading . as of 4 p . m . , enron shares were trading at $ 20 . 65 , off $ 5 . 40 , knocking about $ 4 billion off enron ' s market capitalization . volume topped the big board ' s most - active list at about 36 million shares . a week ago , enron stock was trading at about $ 33 a share . subsequently , the company announced a $ 1 . 01 billion third - quarter write - off that produced a $ 618 million loss .  analysts also voiced concerns yesterday about possible other bad news lurking amid enron ' s vast and extremely complex operations . the company has dealings with a number of related entities . under certain circumstances , if enron ' s credit rating and stock price fall far enough , the company would be obligated to issue tens of millions of additional shares to these entities , diluting the holdings of current shareholders .  enron has previously acknowledged the provisions but said its business is strong and it feels confident that there will be no defaults .  in a statement , enron chairman and chief executive kenneth lay said the company " will cooperate fully " with the sec inquiry and " look ( s ) forward to the opportunity to put any concern about these transactions to rest . " enron has consistently said that it believes its dealings with the fastow - related partnerships were proper and properly disclosed . the company has said it put billions of dollars of assets and stock into partnership - related transactions as a way to hedge against fluctuating market conditions .  the sec inquiry came from the agency ' s fort worth , texas , regional office . according to a person familiar with the matter , this would indicate that the inquiry comes from the sec ' s enforcement arm , as opposed to its corporate - finance section . the participation of the enforcement branch would indicate that the agency is looking into whether there were possible violations of securities law . however , enforcement - branch inquiries often don ' t produce any allegations of wrongdoing . it also appears that the sec hasn ' t yet taken the step of launching a formal investigation , which would be a sign that the agency believes securities laws might have been violated . the sec declined to comment .  certainly , there have been questions and concerns about those partnership transactions , which contributed to a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity last week as part of enron ' s efforts to unwind the deals . mr . fastow , who has declined repeated interview requests , resigned from the partnerships , known as ljm cayman lp and ljm 2 co - investment lp , in late july in the face of rising conflict - of - interest concerns by wall street analysts and major company investors .  since then , internal partnership documents have shown that mr . fastow and perhaps a handful of enron associates made millions of dollars last year in fees and capital increases as general partner of the ljm 2 , the larger of the two partnerships .  mr . fastow ' s partnership arrangement caused some unhappiness inside enron , according to people familiar with the matter . for instance , these people say , sometime after the creation of the partnerships in 1999 , enron treasurer jeffrey mcmahon went to company president jeffrey skilling and complained about potential conflicts of interest posed by mr . fastow ' s activities . mr . skilling didn ' t share mr . mcmahon ' s concern , these people say , and mr . mcmahon requested and received reassignment to another post .  mr . skilling resigned as enron president and chief executive in mid - august , citing personal reasons and the fall in enron ' s stock price , which peaked at about $ 90 a share last year . mr . mcmahon and mr . skilling haven ' t responded to repeated interview requests .  investors are also concerned about potential problems arising in enron ' s dealings with other related entities . in some cases , enron could be required to issue large amounts of stock to noteholders in some of the entities if certain so - called double trigger provisions occur .  for example , last july enron helped create the marlin water trust ii , which sold $ 915 million in notes that are due july 15 , 2003 . however , enron can be considered in default , in advance of that date , if its stock price falls below $ 34 . 13 for three trading days and its senior debt is downgraded to below investment grade by either moody ' s investors service or standard & poor ' s .  currently , enron debt is still investment - grade at both ratings agencies and would have to be lowered by several notches to fall into a noninvestment grade category . last week , moody ' s put enron on review for a possible downgrade . however , observers believe that even if moody ' s lowers enron ' s rating , the company will still be investment - grade .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  october 23 , 2001  where did the value go at enron ?  by floyd norris  new york times  what really went on in some of the most opaque transactions with insiders ever seen ?  wall street has been puzzling over that since enron ( news / quote  senior columnist  thestreet . com  10 / 22 / 2001 07 : 15 am edt  url :  enron is trying to improve disclosure to investors , but its decision to reduce equity by $ 1 . 2 billion in the third quarter has created dismay and confusion in the market .  the action was disclosed in a dubiously discreet manner . more important , investors are struggling to pinpoint how the shrinkage will affect enron ' s balance sheet , profits and earnings guidance .  enron didn ' t provide answers to questions submitted on the equity reduction .  enron doesn ' t include a balance sheet in its earnings release , so the equity decrease couldn ' t be spotted in numbers supplied tuesday . and even though enron did break out $ 1 billion in earnings charges in its release , the company didn ' t feel it necessary to mention the equity write down anywhere in the text .  instead , the public first heard about it on a tuesday conference call . ceo kenneth lay said enron had shrunk its equity as a result of terminating a so - called " structured finance arrangement . " the wall street journal later reported that enron ' s counter - party in this transaction was an investment partnership called ljm 2 co - investment , which has set up and run by enron ' s finance chief , andrew fastow .  this is what lay said on the tuesday call about the equity move : " in connection with the early termination , shareholders ' equity will be reduced approximately $ 1 . 2 billion , with a corresponding significant reduction in the number of diluted shares outstanding . " according to the journal , lay then said wednesday on another call that enron had repurchased 55 million shares .  enron ' s supporters count lay ' s mention of a reduction in the share count as bullish , because it should boost earnings per share numbers in the future .  but there are two possible problems with this theory .  first , enron affirmed its previous earnings guidance that it expects to make $ 2 . 15 per share in operating earnings next year . critically , the company did not say whether its guidance was given using a share count without the 55 million shares or not . if the forecast does assume the exclusion of the 55 million shares , the company should have upped its 2002 per - share earnings forecast by around 6 % , since that ' s the amount by which the share count will be reduced . enron needs to say what share count it ' s using in its guidance .  second , it ' s almost impossible to determine where these shares were ever recorded , casting a certain amount of doubt on lay ' s assertion that the share count will come down .  why question the ceo ? well , in its 2000 annual report , enron included some disclosure of the 55 million shares connected with ljm 2 . it reads : " at december 31 , 2000 , enron had derivative instruments . . . on 54 . 8 million shares of enron common stock . " the derivative instruments appear to be types of options , or agreements that give the counterparty the right to buy or sell stock at agreed prices .  but these derivatives - linked shares don ' t show up where they should in the annual report : in the table that breaks out the difference between the basic and diluted share counts . the line item in this table that shows options - related shares totals only 43 million shares , which is close to the amount of employee pay options that qualified for inclusion . therefore , that number almost certainly doesn ' t include the 55 million ljm 2 - related shares . the fact is , at least some of the 55 million derivatives - linked shares should be included if the derivatives were like normal options . that ' s because the ljm 2 derivatives appear to have been " in the money " , or profitable for the holders . typically , all in - the - money options - based stock has to be included in the diluted share count . and these ljm 2 derivatives did appear to have that status at the end of 2000 . back then , enron stock was trading around $ 80 , way above the average $ 68 level at which these derivatives made money for ljm 2 .  maybe these weren ' t simple options and had other conditions attached that excluded them from the diluted share count . that ' s what disclosure elsewhere in the annual report appears to imply . alternatively , the options were embedded somewhere else in the share count table or equity disclosure , though it ' s hard think where .  presumably , investors will get a full explanation in enron ' s quarterly financial results filing with the securities and exchange commission , due by the middle of november .
HAM Subject: transwestern capacity release report for the period 3 / 1 / 2002 -  12 / 31 / 2003  attached is the transwestern capacity release report that lists all capacity release transactions for the period effective march 1 , 2002 forward .  a couple of things to note :  ena ' s capacity on k # 24924 was successfully released for march with tw collecting marketing revenues .  pg & e released a package of gas for 20 , 000 / day from bloomfield to ca at a fixed rate for the period 6 / 1 / 02 - 10 / 31 / 02 .  pg & e also has another package of gas that will be posted next week . tentative terms of the deal are 20 , 000 / day at a fixed rate for the period 6 / 1 / 02 - 10 / 31 / 02 .  if you have any questions , please let me know .  thanks ,  elizabeth
HAM Subject: staffing process  to hiring managers and assistants , ( please forward to anyone not  included . )  new ! staffing requisition form :  with the implementation of sap , this form is now the critical key factor to  ( 1 ) get your new employee paid , ( 2 ) charge to the appropriate dept . , ( 3 )  create the necessary " position " for the employee in sap , and ( 4 ) post your  opening to web sites .  to expedite the hiring process , please complete the attached form to request  staff : additions , replacements , transfers , contractors / temporaries , and  part - time personnel . ( red sections only )  return this form via e - mail .  new ! candidate interview form :  we recognize the need to schedule candidate interviews as promptly as  possible .  to expedite the interviewing process , please complete the attached form when  requesting a candidate to be interviewed . ( red sections only )  return this form via e - mail with the resume . if you only have a hardcopy of  the resume , please send this form and resume to me at eb - 3658 b .  employee referral policy & form :  to provide incentives for current domestic employees of enron corp . and it ' s  subsidiaries referring applicants who are hired for regular full - time u . s .  payroll - based positions within enron . ( $ 1 , 000 for non - exempt & $ 2 , 000 for  exempt )  return this form via e - mail with the resume . if you only have a hardcopy of  the resume , please send this form and resume to me at eb - 3658 b .  if you have any questions or need assistance with your new sap data  requested , please let me know .  thank you in advance for your cooperation ,  toni graham  staffing consultant  ena commercial support  x 39995
HAM Subject: e - next equipment  louise ,  lisa bills asked me to send you a list of the equipment currently in e - next generation llc , with the amounts paid to date and future payment obligations . please call me with any questions .  - catherine  x 3 - 9943
HAM Subject: may 9 / 10 , 2000 seminar  my name is guillermo c ? novas , and i am regulatory and government affairs  director for enron am , rica del sur ( argentina ) .  i understand you spoke in a seminar that took place on may 9 / 10 where it was  discussed : 1 ) effective power price modelling ; 2 ) applying a real option  approach for the valuation of power plants .  one consultant and researcher , who shares enron ' s belief in open markets and  competition ( and therefore is helping us to open argentine energy markets ) ,  asked me if we could send him a copy of the booklet or slides that you and  other speakers presented during the seminar .  if this is feasible , i would appreciate if you could send a copy of the  material to me at enron am , rica del sur , located at : av . eduardo madero 900 -  piso 17 ( 1106 ) - buenos aires - argentina  please , do not hesitate to contact me should you have any questions or  require further information . i can be reached at the following number :  5411 - 4891 - 3600  sincerely ,  guillermo .
HAM Subject: cleburne imbalance  daren - -  bad news . . . . . the cleburne imbalance is out of control . you might want to start some payback to lonestar . lonestar ' s estimates for the accumulative imbalance at the beginning of may was 140 . 0 due them , now i guess their actuals came in and now at the beginning of may shows 214 . 0 due them . i am waiting to hear back from lisa with lonestar to see why there is such a big discrepancy . through the 16 th , her updated estimates reflect an imbalance of 240 . 0 due them . . . . the plant continues to overpull , our nom to the plant which is not all 45 . 0 due to brazos ' take .  let me know what you want to do .  mark
HAM Subject: sap licensing  heard from allan sommer today regarding the sap licensing question :  ? we do not need to amend our current sap license agreement for the  outsourcing project as long as we are the caretakers of the data , i . e .  outside entities do not access data within our environment , but rather  access an extract of the data from it . this should work well with the  current plan .  allan further suggested that we keep kathy kokas from his group posted on our  effort , in case our plan changes . he also mentioned that their group may be  helpful in other ways .  thanks ,  fred philipson
HAM Subject: potential list for november  daren :  here is a list of potential deals for this november :  brigham oil and gas , lopez mineral trust # 2 , meter 9865 , 6000 mcfd .  phoenix gas pipeline , phoenix taylor # 1 , meter unknown , 3000 mcfd  pressler petroleum , pressler stoval # 2 , meter 6821 , 300 - 400 mcfd  superior natural gas , walter hamilton # 1 , meter unknown , 3500 mcfd  these numbers are not included in vance ' s nomination .  let me know if you need any additional information .  thank you ,  susan smith  x 33321
HAM Subject: pastoria backup water contract , mike wood and cole frates  louise ,  this e : mail relates to the fact that the two azurix people helped us out on getting the water deal done although the azurix agreement will be terminated and azurix will not receive any income associated with the ultimate water agreement that was put in place . originally they were looking at some success fees and origination totalling up to $ 3 . 1 mm , but because the purchase price adjustment due to the water agreement cost ena $ 5 mm , they are appropriately getting nothing .  regards ,  chris  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christopher f calger / pdx / ect on 03 / 20 / 2001 11 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : david parquet on 03 / 20 / 2001 10 : 40 am  to : john garrison @ enron _ development , amanda k martin @ enron _ development  cc : jeff skilling / corp / enron @ enron , john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , " mike wood \ ( e - mail \ ) " , " cole frates \ ( e - mail \ ) "  subject : pastoria backup water contract , mike wood and cole frates  last friday ena executed an agreement to sell the pastoria power plant project to calpine , which we should close in the very near future . i am writing this memo to personally indicate that we could not have done that , especially when we did , without the assistance of mike wood and cole frates .  there has been conversation around ena that : " . . . had azurix gotten the backup water deal done last year as per their contract , we would have been able to close with calpine then . " that may be true . but we all have had deals that have not gone the way we planned , good effort notwithstanding . after working with mike and cole on this deal , i can personally attest to the extreme difficulty they had in dealing with their counterparty for that backup contract .  i want to give special credit to mike and cole for their professional and tenacious behavior these last couple of months . notwithstanding the turmoil at azurix and calpine ' s stated desire to terminate their contract as a condition of closing ( and keep just the backup contract ) , mike and cole kept their eye on the ball . and that ball was : " what is best for enron . " they continued to provide detailed , expert insight to the issues . they continued to interface with the counterparty . they attended every meeting . they were there until we got the backup water deal done .  i am proud to have worked with them . all of the members of my team on this deal have exactly the same thing to say about these two guys .
HAM Subject: lunch w / kenny baldwin  are you interested in having lunch w / kenny baldwin with andersen consulting ?  tammie schoppe  enron americas - office of the chair  assistant to louise kitchen  ( 713 ) 853 - 4220  ( 713 ) 646 - 8562 fax  ( 713 ) 253 - 2131 mobile
HAM Subject: re : as per discussion  yes that is correct .  julie : - )  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : wednesday , july 18 , 2001 2 : 48 pm  to : gomez , julie a .  subject : as per discussion  hr has the information that your contract doesn ' t finish until the lst october - is that right ?
HAM Subject: protest procedures for u . s . enron facilities to all senior  management  in the past few months , there have been protests at various enron offices . these protests have been primarily by consumer and other advocacy groups representing different energy interests . attached are security and public relations procedures to help you manage a protest should one arise at your facility . feel free to provide this document to leaders in your organization as appropriate .  thank you .  mark palmer  vice president , corporate communications  713 853 - 4738
HAM Subject: brooklyn navy yard legal risk memo  attached is the legal risk memo described above .  angela d . davis  enron north america corp .  1400 smith street , eb 3817  houston , texas 77019  tel : ( 713 ) 345 - 8347  fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3393  e - mail : angela . davis @ enron . com
HAM Subject: y 2 k - texas log  name home pager  george grant 281 - 282 - 9084 713 - 764 - 5128  charlotte hawkins 281 - 655 - 0952 713 - 506 - 4006  aimee lannou 713 - 594 - 6562 713 - 698 - 7722  robert lloyd 281 - 847 - 2808 713 - 698 - 5446  stella morris 281 - 448 - 9067 713 - 200 - 8376  susan trevino 713 - 688 - 6186 713 - 200 - 8368  kim vaughn 281 - 586 - 0910 713 - 761 - 8153  jackie young 713 - 528 - 4562 713 - 990 - 6400  carlos rodriguez 281 - 344 - 0991 713 - 761 - 2722  mandy allen 281 - 970 - 6561 713 - 990 - 8332
HAM Subject: enronoptions update !  enronoptions announcement  we have updated the enronoptions  ) your stock option program web site ! the  web site now contains specific details of the enronoptions program including  the december 29 , 2000 grant price and additional information on employee  eligibility .  access enronoptions  ) your stock option program web site by clicking on  http : / / hrweb . enron . com or by typing the address into your web browser .  we hope you find the revised site helpful in addressing your questions about  the enronoptions program . if you have any additional questions , please  contact your h . r . representative .  stay tuned for more information throughout march and april 2001 .
HAM Subject: re : amendment to im ii ppa  todd and louise ,  with respect to no . 1 below , i will check with mike curry to get his view on " contract intent " .  with respect to no . 2 and no . 3 , the answer is absolutely " no " as they are material changes to the contract that have significant value issues . since i personally requested these changes to the original contract ( in the negotiation process ) , i know what the contract intent was and continues to be .  if aep is still the equity buyer , they have complete control over the " grid curtailment " and associated termination risk in item no . 2 since they are the transmission owning utility in the region .  the total epmi ppa ( as of 9 / 17 cob ) value is currently $ 18 . 5 million . my estimate for ppa value erosion for amendments no . 2 and no . 3 is $ 8 - 10 million . obviously , the $ erosion value is somewhat subjective , however , the transmission risk / grid curtailment risk on this project is significant and the termination event for grid curtailment is essential to mitigate what could be substantial downside for epmi . the reason i had mike ensure this provision was in the current ppa was to shift some of that risk back to enron wind and now enron wind is trying to push it to the project lenders ( who also don ' t want the risk ) .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lindholm , tod a .  sent : mon 9 / 17 / 2001 5 : 54 pm  to : presto , kevin m . ; curry , mike ; lamb , john ; payne , michael  cc : murphy , harlan ; kitchen , louise  subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa  kevin ,  ewc requires three clarifications to the ppa in order to get the project financed and sold . all previously requested amendments proposed by the equity purchaser have been dropped , and ewc will take the resulting pricing reduction .  i want to make sure you understand how minor these three clarifications are . these clarifications conform to the original deal and are not changes to the deal .  1 . banking provisions . ewc and epmi agreed that energy and renewable energy credits ( " recs " ) produced by the indian mesa ii wind generating facility in any year in excess of the annual minimum quantity would , on a cumulative basis , offset any deficiencies of energy and recs in subsequent years . section 4 . 04 of the agreement does not clearly provide the cumulative carryover mechanism which was contemplated by the parties . ( this section originally provided for the carryover , but in an effort to simplify the language , the aggregate carryover concept was clouded . ) both the project lenders and the proposed equity purchaser have required that the point be clarified . there has never been a disagreement between epmi and ewc on the intention of the carryover banking provisions . epmi ' s most recent refusal to make this clarification now appears to be a change in the original deal  2 . grid curtailment ewc and epmi drafted the contract with specific provisions relating to termination resulting from grid curtailment , section 5 . 04 . there is an ambiguity in that grid curtailment could also be covered under the termination provision relating to force majeure under section 5 . 02 . this inconsistency is the problem . neither ewc nor epmi were to pay damages to the other party in the event of grid curtailment . the proposed equity purchasers have requested that the force majeure provisions of the ppa be clarified to make it clear that extended grid curtailment would not give rise to termination payments . this clarification is consistent with the original intent of the parties and is not a change to the deal .  3 . epmi credit support . epmi ' s obligations under the ppa are guaranteed by enron . the indian mesa ii ppa permits epmi to assign the ppa to certain affiliates without consent of the seller . any assignment by epmi would not relieve it of its duties and obligations under the contract , and the enron guarantee would remain in place . however , the project lenders have required clarification that the enron guarantee would either explicitly remain in place or that the assignee would have a credit quality at least as good as enron corp ' s credit quality . the project lender ' s have also requested that the termination payment provisions be clarified to provide that any substitute ppa used to calculate a termination payment would also need to be with a party that had a credit quality similar to enron corp ' s , since that is the credit that is supporting the indian mesa ii ppa . this will not affect the value of the contract to a third party since enron bears this obligation unless released by the project .  under the dispute resolution provisions of the ppa we could certainly pursue declaratory relief under arbitration . our sense is that this does nothing but ensure delay .  from an enron perspective :  the sale of the equity and the financing of the non - recourse debt on the indian mesa ii project is currently at a standstill due to issues surrounding the ambiguities in the ppa  while the debt financing for the indian mesa i project is in place ( different offtaker ) the proposed equity sale to aep is linked to the sale of the indian mesa ii project .  if enron cannot move forward with the financing of the project within the next month , enron will likely end up with approximately $ 153 m less cash at year end than it counted on in its plan , in addition to any decrease in planned earnings  the after - tax return to enron in a " hold " situation is 0 % , due to enron being in the alternative minimum tax position , i . e . it cannot use the tax benefits .  it was clear in the discussions with the city of san antonio that these clarifications would have had no affect on value .  tod  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : presto , kevin m .  sent : saturday , september 15 , 2001 2 : 41 pm  to : curry , mike ; lamb , john ; payne , michael ; lindholm , tod a .  cc : murphy , harlan ; kitchen , louise  subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa  i would like to make the message even more clear . epmi will not be making any changes , amendments , clarifications , interpretations , etc . to the current indian mesa ii ppa . therefore , any proposed purchaser of the indian mesa facility must evaluate the contract based on their own legal and commercial interpretation .  i don ' t think it is productive to spend any more time on this discussion . we will continue provide enron wind with the ppa value on a daily basis such that total shareholder value is maximized for any proposed wind transaction ( sale of company and / or sale of im project ) .  please feel free to call me to discuss ( 713 - 853 - 5035 )  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : curry , mike  sent : fri 9 / 14 / 2001 3 : 11 pm  to : lamb , john ; payne , michael ; lindholm , tod a .  cc : presto , kevin m . ; murphy , harlan  subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa  we are not interested in these changes to the ppa . these changes will weaken the language in the contract for us ( i . e . improve it for aep that is probably why they are asking for the " clarifications " ) . i will be out next week on vacation so please address any further concerns in my absence to kevin presto . regards , - mike  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lamb , john  sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 10 : 28 am  to : curry , mike  cc : lindholm , tod a . ; payne , michael ; godfrey , jay  subject : amendment to im ii ppa  mike : attached is our proposed amendment to the indian mesa ii ppa . it deals with the banking clarification ( section 4 . 04 amendments ) , grid curtailment clarification ( section 5 . 02 amendments ) , guaranty clarifications requested by the lenders ( section 5 . 05 and 9 . 03 amendments ) , and the ercot amendment ( section 3 . 04 amendments ) that we have discussed . please note that the ercot restriction would permit international sales , such as to mexico , but would otherwise restrict epmi ' s sales of energy from the wind facility to other locations within ercot . in the preparation of this draft , we used the same amendment that was previously sent to you by e - mail on 8 / 22 / 01 . that e - mail had a redline with it to show the changes to the banking provisions . please let us know whether this draft is acceptable or whether you have any questions or comments on the amendment . thanks  regards  john  >
HAM Subject: bad debt  looks like i got there attention . let ' s hope it dosen ' t explode on us .  please plan on attending with me '  thanks  bob  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob m hall / na / enron on 04 / 10 / 2001 01 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  janet h wallis @ ect  04 / 10 / 2001 01 : 12 pm  to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect , lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect , gerald lofton / hou / ect @ ect , michael c bilberry / hou / ect @ ect , daren farmer  cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron  subject : bad debt  please plan to attend a meeting with brian redmond and bob hall on thursday at 4 : 00 in conference room 3567 .  each person should be prepared to discuss the current status of each " bad debt " account that was assigned to them in february .  if you are unable to attend you will need to schedule a private meeting with brian redmond at a later date .  janet
HAM Subject: interview thanks . . .  vince and stinson ,  it seems we made a good impression to rodney . can we have him  working for our sub - group ?  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 03 / 13 / 2000 08 : 35 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " rodney greene " on 03 / 13 / 2000 12 : 05 : 57 am  to :  cc :  subject : interview thanks . . .  dear dr . lu :  thank - you for meeting with me to discuss opportunities in your derivative  pricing group . i very much enjoyed talking with you . the projects you are  working on are quite interesting to me . it appears to me the resources and  culture at enron are excellent for accomplishing quality value - adding work .  i would very much like to be a part of your group . thank - you once again for  meeting with me . and it goes without saying - lunch was great !  sincerely ,  rodney greene  ?
HAM Subject: technical corner paper  vince ,  as you suggested , i splited the paper into two parts , the first one  devotes to the fx market and second one to gas market . attached  is the first part .  let me know if there is any mistakes in there , thanks .  sam ,  vince wants to publish this article in the next monday edition of the  research intelligence .  thanks .  zimin
HAM Subject: thursday instead friday  john sherriff ' s asst has moved the meeting . i hope this is still possible  for you .  steve  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steven leppard / lon / ect on 09 / 11 / 2000  08 : 05 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  lauren urquhart  07 / 11 / 2000 09 : 16  to : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : thursday instead friday  hi steve  steve , the research meeting has been moved to thursday at 3 . 00 pm .  can you please let vince know .  thanks .  lauren
HAM Subject: another bet  vince  i here you are running abook on how quickly we can implement convolution var for power and since i am up against a summer deadline for this i felt i should take the other side .  so how about i buy you dinner if i get it done ?  rgds  dp
HAM Subject: vitro  regarding the attached email , don asked me to relay the following response . first , it is relatively unlikely that the idb will conclude that their approval is not necessary ( according to maria elena the need for idb consent is unambiguous ) . second , even if the idb suggests that their approval is not necessary , there is another material condition precedent , cfc consent . the cfc is the mexican equivalent of the federal trade commission in the united states and consent from the cfc is not expected for forty five days after filing ( filing is anticipated for june 29 , 2001 ) . maria elena is currently visiting with cris sherman to discuss our ability to book income given these two items and will get back with you shortly . please feel free to call with anything further .  stuart  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : thursday , june 21 , 2001 9 : 39 am  to : miller , don ; zisman , stuart ; colwell , wes  subject : idb approval for vitro  if idb comes back today and says that the board of idb does not need to approve this sale to tractebel , they will probably still need to see docs etc . but can we book it ( this quarter ? )
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 10 ;  start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122910 . txt  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .
HAM Subject: request submitted : access request for steve . moen @ enron . com  you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver .  please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000007593  request create date : 11 / 16 / 00 11 : 21 : 54 am  requested for : steve . moen @ enron . com  resource name : eol us backoffice product data manager  resource type : applications
HAM Subject: ets salutes  as we continue our salute to the ets employees nominated for the 2000 chairman ' s award , please join me in congratulating :  robert l . " bob " johnson  rich jolly  hasan kedwaii  greg lewis  teb lokey  bob , senior facilities planner in omaha , demonstrates a zeal for excellence in his work and in his desire to meet customers ' needs . bob ' s efforts towards revenue management goals , expansion projects , and development of new tools are direct contributions to enron ' s goals .  rich , regional director for transwestern in albuquerque , doesn ' t demand respect , but earns it by deeply caring for all those who work under him . many times he may be required in the field at 7 : 00 am and may have to drive 3 - 4 hours to get to the location , but he is always there . he believes in open communications and never holds back information unless it is confidential . rich doesn ' t point out anyone ' s faults , but suggests ways to improve , then assures all the resources are there to make the improvement .  hasan , manager of it development in houston , is always honest and sincere in letting customers know what can and cannot be accomplished by his group . he does not promise what cannot be delivered . hasan listens respectfully to everyone ' s viewpoints and replies courteously with a full explanation of why he agrees or disagrees with their ideas .  greg , manager of it non - development in houston , is open , honest and sincere with customers and vendors , along with being a good negotiator . greg listens to his employees and passes information along to keep employees updated on projects .  teb , director of rates and tariffs in houston , can always be depended on . when he commits to do something , it will be done . teb does his part , and keeps others on track to get their part completed within the deadline and often helps others in a bind to get the job done .  again , please join me in congratulating bob , rich , greg , hasan and teb .  stan
HAM Subject: united healthcare contracting update  to : houston area employees participating in domestic medical plan benefits  from : enron human resources  we are pleased to pass along to you the fact that united healthcare ( uhc ) and  memorial herman health systems ( mhhs ) reached agreement on a long - term  contract . there will be no disruption in terms of accessing network  services from the hospital system or those providers who were scheduled to be  terminated . employees currently electing uhc will receive a confirming  letter shortly from uhc .  as mentioned in our earlier memo , it is our understanding that cigna has also  been contacted by mhhs and are now in contract negotiations .  open enrollment packages are in the mail and you should consider the above  facts when making your decision on your medical election .
HAM Subject: re : covenants - project miracle  one other very important item of which you must be aware is that el paso was very concerned about the confidentiality of this transaction and insisted that our agreement contain the following provision :  " no party shall make any announcement of the transactions contemplated hereby to any of its officers , employees , representatives , consultants or advisors other than those who have a specific and strategic need to be advised of such information , all of whom shall be advised of the strict confidential nature of such information . "  please limit your disclosure of this transaction accordingly  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : hill , garrick  sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 10 : 28 am  to : mazowita , mike ; armstrong , james ; ' rvicens @ deltapower . com ' ; marshall , david ; stevens , don ; farmer , daren j .  cc : ward , charles ; henry , joseph ; zisman , stuart  subject : covenants - project miracle  importance : high  as individuals involved in the day - to - day oversight and management of ppep ' s cleburne facility , it ' s important that you are familiar with and follow the covenants set out under the purchase agreement signed with mesquite investors , llc ( an el paso affiliate ) on september 7 . those covenants are contained in section 5 . 4 of the purchase agreement , which is attached for your reference .  the covenants are fairly self - explanatory . however , if you have any questions concerning their interpretation or implementation , please contact joe henry at ( 713 ) 345 - 1549 or me at ( 713 ) 853 - 6027 .  thanks ,  rh  >
HAM Subject: beaver creek agenda  attached is the revised agenda for your meeting in august .  please let me know if you have any questions or concerns .  thanks .  dorie hitchcock  phone : 281 . 370 . 0695  fax : 281 . 370 . 0385  cell : 713 . 594 . 7093  - 01 lavaugcolagenda . xls
HAM Subject: re : " project doorstep " target date  donna ,  please call doug imrie who has an up to date log of earlier replies i have  given to this and other doorstep outstandings that you have directed to me  today .  thanks and regards ,  tim  donna lowry  30 / 06 / 2000 07 : 01  sent by : michael neves  to : tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect  cc : richard lauer / hou / ect @ ect , donna lowry / hou / ect @ ect , sally  beck / hou / ect @ ect , rick l carson / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , john  sorrells / aa / corp / enron @ enron  subject : " project doorstep " target date  the target date specified in an open audit observation has been reached .  click on the document link below to view the observation / action step ( s ) .  please provide action step implementation detail along with completion date  and submit return response to donna lowry . if you should have any questions  relating to this audit , please call the observation contact listed in the  following observation ( document link ) . thank you . note : each e - mail  represents a separate audit observation .  click on this link to view document - - >
HAM Subject: accomplishments .  hope this help .  thanks  bob
HAM Subject: re : model for 04 - 17 and 04 - 18  hi bill ,  just a couple of things on these models . .  on 4 / 17 need he 14 sale to enron changed to an 11 mwh . tony talked to mark  about this .  on 4 / 18 the ancillary are not adding up at the bottom .  when you get a chance , just re - email them to me .  thanks ,  kathy
HAM Subject: re : financial engineering associates  it is the special package for options with multiple assets and options on  averages .  - - stinson  vince j kaminski  03 / 06 / 2000 03 : 31 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : financial engineering associates  stinson ,  what is spav ? is it the basket option model ?  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 06 / 2000  03 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : karla feldman 03 / 06 / 2000 01 : 50 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : financial engineering associates  vince and stinson ,  i checked the file and the maintenance that automatically renews on 4 / 1 / 2000  is for the following products :  all 4 of your @ global licenses  spav  swing  i will go ahead and contact fea and see about getting the renewal invoice for  these . i ' ll send it to shirley for payment once i have it .  the products : @ interest , seapc , and seapp have not been on maintenance for a  while . fea told us a couple of years ago i believe that they do not have  maintenance available for these products any longer . so , you don ' t need to  worry about cancelling @ interest .  also , just fyi - your @ energy . 1 and @ energy . 2 licenses have maintenance  through 10 / 20 / 2000 .  if you have any questions , please let me know . otherwise , i will proceed  with contacting fea about you renewal of the @ global , spav , and swing  licenses .  thanks ,  karla
HAM Subject: revised deal tickets  volumes have been revised on the following deal tickets effective 12 / 6 / 00 :  deal # meter # trade zone from to  126281 6296 1 4 , 000 4 , 500  126289 9757 23 2 , 455 1 , 955  bob
HAM Subject: re : cp & l  okay guys ,  this one has been corrected . the measured volumes pulled through this  morning . the allocations are corrected with deal # 92399 on the 215 contract  taking the swing .  anything else just let me know .  chawkins  enron north america corp .  from : pat clynes @ enron 06 / 08 / 2000 08 : 53 am  to : charlotte hawkins / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : cp & l  charlotte ,  please verify cp & l back to the first of june . darren told me that it is  allocating incorrectly and it  is causing part of our ua 4 problem for current month . please check this out  asap . thanks , pat
HAM Subject: start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ;  start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020122 . txt
HAM Subject: special epri mtg on ancillary services  dear dr . kaminski ,  thanks for your email address . would like to invite you or others from enron  to our one - day planning meeting in houston , sept . 7 , to review state of the  art assessment of ancillary services markets , hear preliminary research on  related topics , and help define a course of research that epri could  undertake .  here is one of our announcements . pls feel free to call with any questions .  - - jeremy platt  > re . ancillary services markets and management - -  > changing market structures , pricing , settlement , operational and  > cost issues  >  > epri has organized a workshop on ancillary services markets and management  > issues , to be held september 7 in houston . file attached .  >  > dr . rajat deb , pres . of lcg consulting , is our featured  > speaker / investigator . additional experts contributing to this special  > workshop are :  > * andy van horn , van horn consulting  > * phillip mcleod , mhb consultants  > * jens kure - jensen , encotech , and  > * carl pechman , power economics  >  > >  > this workshop is part of a program of epri research on ancillary services  > markets and management topics . * you or your colleagues are welcome to  > attend and contribute to the discussions . the workshop is timely , offers  > unique content , and will help shape future work of value . we encourage you  > to register promptly . please call me if you have any questions .  >  > if you are unable to attend or feel someone else in the company may have a  > more direct responsibilty , please forward this note . thanks ,  >  > jeremy platt  > manager , power and fuel markets  > 650 / 855 - 2628  >  > dale gray  > manager , generation asset management  > 704 - 547 - 6016  >  > * background on epri research on ancillary services . epri , known formerly  > as the electric power research institute , offers research on a wide range  > of energy , technology , environmental and business / market topics . epri ' s  > 2000 research on a / s is value package 64 . 3 , strategic value and  > measurement of ancillary services . this value package is part of a larger  > program of research ( a " target " ) , called understanding power and fuel  > markets and generation response . other 2000 ancillary services projects  > underway are : a report on markets and pricing ( now in preparation ) and a  > demonstration this fall of measurement procedures at a generating site for  > reactive supply and voltage control and for spinning and supplemental  > reserves .  >  >  >  >  - ancillary - wkshp . pdf
HAM Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure  start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .
HAM Subject: re : confidential  dale ,  thanks for your message .  i don ' t know the labor market in london that well but here the market  for quants is very hot . steve is in my view an exceptionally talented person  and i would go an extra mile to retain him long - term for the company .  i would adjust the base salary or the kicker upward a bit .  o 62 , 000 basic is what anjam is receiving currently ( if i remember  correctly ) . steve has a much higher value  to enron than anjam .  vince  dale surbey  08 / 30 / 2000 07 : 49 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : confidential  vince ,  this is the package hr is proposing for steven . what do you think ?  - dale  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dale surbey / lon / ect on 30 / 08 / 2000 13 : 50  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sophie kingsley 29 / 08 / 2000 20 : 32  to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : confidential  sorry dale , long day , here are the proposed numbers  2 year exec  o 62 , 000 basic ( currently o 55 k )  ol 0 k each year kickers  $ 50 , 000 worth of options to vest 1 / 3 1 / 3 1 / 3  let me know what you think .  regards  sophie
HAM Subject: fw :  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 8 : 22 am  to : kitchen , louise  subject : fw :  q 3 - above 50 % probability deals over $ 1 mm . total below : $ 72 . 2 mm  1 . east power  cornhusker 75 % $ 5 mm - $ 6 . 5 mm ( el paso has until 7 th september to complete the gp , number to book depends on working capital distribution )  wind 95 % $ 35 mm ( $ 35 mm in hedges - working with wes ' s team , looking to book this 9 / 24 / 01 when san antonio comes back on contract reassignment )  aes 95 % $ 2 mm ( milestone payment from aes on haywood )  calvert city 5 % $ 1 mm ( site sale )  2 . west power  saguaro 50 % $ 1 mm ( nrg closing other 50 % from edison and will complete ours after that - due 9 / 15 / 01 )  psco 100 % $ 4 . 7 mm ( incremental payment from fountain valley )  las vegas 90 % $ 2 mm ( incremental earnings which we can book on closure - 8 / 31 / 01 )  3 . ecr  eex vpp 50 % $ 5 mm ( issues - ( i ) 3 rd party equity ( ii ) credit wrap in insurance market  4 . gas  cms 75 % $ 1 mm  5 . canada  cnr 60 % $ 1 . 5 mm  6 . mexico  vitro 80 % $ 14 mm  7 . negatives  new albany ( $ 1 . 1 mm ) repairs to plant pre sale  hpl already in the summary but will come in ( $ 7 . 6 mm ) below their budget on an annual basis  bridgeline probably ( $ 18 . 949 mm ) which is ( $ 5 . 459 mm ) less than plan to come in ( ( $ 2 . 8 mm ) depreciation , plus restated financials accounts for the rest ( $ 3 . 778 mm ql & q 2 and $ 3 . 86 mm is q 3 & q 4 ) accounting errors ,  quarter 4  longview 1 % for q 3 / 70 % for q 4 $ 15 mm - $ 25 mm ( promote from sale )
HAM Subject: noms  daren , there seems to be two noms that are not in the system that need to be  nomed from the first on . ames meter 5077 and senora meter 6686 . both had  thckets that were not extended into april .
HAM Subject: updated timeline chart  all ,  attached please find an updated critical timeline chart for this  mornings meeting  changes since late on 1 / 30 / 02 include :  - new legal close date is 2 / 8 / 02  - moved canadian capital , funding and guarantees to day 1  - added hr critical mass to day 0  this available on the ubsw web and will be available shortly on the  ubswenergy web .  thanks ,  beth  203 - 719 - 3206  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : barrett , beth  sent : wednesday , january 30 , 2002 2 : 47 pm  to : ' alexander fusco ' ; ' audrey martin ' ; ' beth barrett ' ; ' bill bradford ' ;  ' bruce - c reilly ' ; ' cheryl roberts ' ; ' christian maytain ' ; ' claudia  robinson ' ; ' colette dow ' ; ' dave forster ' ; ' david oxley ' ; ' david port ' ;  ' ernest pittarelli ' ; ' frank - a lenti ' ; ' jay webb ' ; ' jeff golden ' ; ' jenny  rub ' ; ' joel forbes ' ; ' lisa feld ' ; ' louis eber ' ; ' louise kitchen ' ; ' mark  bridges ' ; ' mark haedicke ' ; ' mark leroux ' ; ' mark wallace ' ; ' markus  buergler ' ; ' martin nadel ' ; ' mary barker ' ; ' matt meinel ' ; ' matt meinel ' ;  ' michael bolin ' ; ' michael stockman ' ; ' natacha carrel ' ; ' neil davies ' ;  ' pat odonnell ' ; ' per dyrvik ' ; ' richard robinson ' ; ' rocco veltri ' ; ' sally  beck ' ; ' sid karpoff ' ; ' stacey goodman ' ; ' steve kinross ' ; ' steve  russell ' ; ' thomas - a graf ' ; ' ursula mills ' ; ' wes colwell ' ; ' william  glass '  subject : fw : agenda : ubs warburg / " energy " integration meeting thurs . 31  jan . , 9 : 00 cst , 10 : 00 est  importance : high  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : bridges , mark  sent : wednesday , january 30 , 2002 1 : 04 pm  to : barrett , beth  subject : agenda : ubs warburg / " energy " integration meeting thurs . 31  jan . , 9 : 00 cst , 10 : 00 est  meeting details for thursday , january 31 st at 10 : 00 am ( est ) , 9 : 00 am  ( ct ) 15 : 00 ( london )  dial in information :  network : 19 - 337 - 0070  for external dial - in : + 1 - 203 - 719 - 0070  freephone within usa : 1 - 877 - 315 - 5218  conference pin : 553815  agenda :  - opening remarks - pat o ' donnell / mike bolin / louise kitchen  - program office - mark bridges / dave forster  - issues list  - timeline update - lou eber / mark bridges  - key issues  - legal lou eber / mark haedicke  - business colette dow / louise kitchens  - hr audrey martin / david oxley  - it matt meinel / jay webb  - ops ernie pittarelli / sally beck  - crm bill glass / bill bradford  - mrm mike stockman / david port  - fcd per dyrvik / wes colwell  - cre markus buergler / jeff golden  - security steve kinross  - corp comms claudia robinson / neil davis  - cas bruce reilly / wes colwell  - other business  important ! ! ! the issues list , time line and contact list will be  updated on the integration web site tonight . be sure to print out  the necessary information for this meeting on thursday morning .  ubs warburg employees can access the integration web site by typing :  http : / / energy  ubs warburg energy llc employees need to enter :  http : / / ubsintegration . corp . enron . com please sure your normal logon and  password .  - timeline _ 013002 . ppt  visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com  this message contains confidential information and is intended only  for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you  should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please  notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this  e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .  e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free  as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,  arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore  does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents  of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if  verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this  message is provided for informational purposes and should not be  construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or  related financial instruments .
HAM Subject: yvan chaxel  your name was listed by yvan as a reference on his application for a graduate  school tuition loan . your assistance in this process is greatly appreciated .
HAM Subject: ces volumes on tejas  june volumes on tejas are attached .
HAM Subject: global risk management operations  recognizing enron  , s increasing worldwide presence in the wholesale energy  business and the need to insure outstanding internal controls for all of our  risk management activities , regardless of location , a global risk management  operations function has been created under the direction of sally w . beck ,  vice president . in this role , sally will report to rick causey , executive  vice president and chief accounting officer .  sally  , s responsibilities with regard to global risk management operations  will mirror those of other recently created enron global functions . in this  role , sally will work closely with all enron geographic regions and wholesale  companies to insure that each entity receives individualized regional support  while also focusing on the following global responsibilities :  1 . enhance communication among risk management operations professionals .  2 . assure the proliferation of best operational practices around the globe .  3 . facilitate the allocation of human resources .  4 . provide training for risk management operations personnel .  5 . coordinate user requirements for shared operational systems .  6 . oversee the creation of a global internal control audit plan for risk  management activities .  7 . establish procedures for opening new risk management operations offices  and create key benchmarks for measuring on - going risk controls .  each regional operations team will continue its direct reporting relationship  within its business unit , and will collaborate with sally in the delivery of  these critical items . the houston - based risk management operations team under  sue frusco  , s leadership , which currently supports risk management activities  for south america and australia , will also report directly to sally .  sally retains her role as vice president of energy operations for enron  north america , reporting to the ena office of the chairman . she has been in  her current role over energy operations since 1997 , where she manages risk  consolidation and reporting , risk management administration , physical product  delivery , confirmations and cash management for ena  , s physical commodity  trading , energy derivatives trading and financial products trading .  sally has been with enron since 1992 , when she joined the company as a  manager in global credit . prior to joining enron , sally had four years  experience as a commercial banker and spent seven years as a registered  securities principal with a regional investment banking firm . she also owned  and managed a retail business for several years .  please join me in supporting sally in this additional coordination role for  global risk management operations .
HAM Subject: re : argentina modelling  michael ,  what about 1 : 00 p . m . thursday ?  vince  michael guerriero @ enron _ development  01 / 05 / 2000 05 : 47 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : argentina modelling  could we meet tomorrow afternoon ?  mfg  vince j kaminski @ ect  12 / 30 / 99 06 : 41 pm  to : michael guerriero / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : argentina modelling  michael ,  sorry , i was out around the holidays .  i shall be glad to meet with you in the lst week  of january . please call me ( 3 - 3848 ) or my assistant ,  shirley crenshaw , 3 - 5290 .  vince  michael guerriero @ enron _ development  12 / 20 / 99 02 : 31 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : argentina modelling  i am responsible for our argentina operation and would like to discuss some  modelling issues with you . could you be available wednesday for a meeting .  thanks  mfg
HAM Subject: vince ' s travel itinerary  ludmilla :  here is vince ' s travel itinerary for sunday to new york .  date 06 septembero 0  booking ref ze 56 tx  kaminski / wincenty soc 0011 rl 0  enron corp kaminski / wincenty  eb 1962  e - tkt receipt  * * review upgrade below * *  service date from to depart arrive  continental airlines 10 sep houston tx new york ny 539 p 1000 p  co 1672 a sun g . bush interco la guardia  terminal c terminal m  dinner non stop  reservation confirmed 3 : 21 duration  aircraft : boeing 737 - 800  seat 01 f no smoking confirmed kaminski / wincen  first class upgrade is confirmed  hotel 10 sep hilton millenium  11 sep 55 church street  new york , ny 10007  united states of america  telephone : 212 - 693 - 2001  fax : 212 - 571 - 2316  telex : tlx none  confirmation : 3110994415  single room queen size bed  rate : ral usd 339 . 00 per night  guarantee given  nonsmoking king enron corp  to avoid billing cancel 24 hours prior to arrival hotel time  continental airlines 11 sep new york ny houston tx 745 p 1033 p  co 1963 a mon la guardia g . bush interco  terminal m terminal c  snack non stop  reservation confirmed 3 : 48 duration  aircraft : boeing 737 - 300  seat 01 f no smoking confirmed kaminski / wincen  first class upgrade is confirmed  miscellaneous 10 nov houston tx  fri * * thank you for using the tap * *  kaminski / wincenty soc 0011 rl 000  co frequent flyer cowt 472179  shirley crenshaw : 853 - 5290  intl tvlrs : carry sos wallet card w / enronassistance info  call sos : in u . s 800 523 - 6586 / intl 215 245 - 4707 ( collect )  this is the passenger receipt for your electronic ticket
HAM Subject: re : new eol product  the texas gas group will definitely be rolling out a " super peak " 5 x 8 product  for gas delivery from 1300 to 2100 cdt . if we decide to roll out another  product , probably a " peak " 5 xl 2 ( 900 to 2100 cdt ) we will let you know  sometime today .  we will relay the prices to you on monday .  dale neuner 06 / 23 / 2000 09 : 43 am  to : steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect , melba lozano / hou / ect @ ect , sheri  thomas / hou / ect @ ect , robert b cass / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : new eol product  steve -  one issue that immediately comes to mind is the ' general terms and  conditions ' ability to handle intra - day nominations . . this may require a new  product type and gtc .  are we presently trading this product otc , or is this unprecedented ?  dale  to : dale neuner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : new eol product  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melba lozano / hou / ect on 06 / 23 / 2000 09 : 30  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : steve venturatos 06 / 23 / 2000 09 : 29 am  to : sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , melba lozano / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : new eol product  we are finalizing plans to introduce a new gas products ( s ) for july . the  product ( s ) would be an hourly product either 5 x 8 or 5 xl 2 or 5 xl 6 .  even though we have not decided which product to introduce , i thought i would  give you a heads up to keep you in the loop .
HAM Subject: enron mentions - 11 / 11 / 01  enron , a giant bargain  the new york times , 11 / 11 / 01  dow breaks through pre - attack level  the new york times , 11 / 11 / 01  dealings of enron emerging  houston chronicle , 11 / 11 / 01  demise of enron a blow to city / as local business pillars crumble , dynegy a bright spot  houston chronicle , 11 / 11 / 01  flying blind / by keeping investors in the dark , enron lost its way  houston chronicle , 11 / 11 / 01  deregulation not derailed by california ' s meltdown power : though many energy firms were scarred in the state ' s free - market stumble , analysts say they are likely to rebound .  los angeles times , 11 / 11 / 01  the thing is : enron  the independent - london , 11 / 11 / 01  usa : wall street takes aim at accounting tricks .  reuters english news service , 11 / 11 / 01  senate stimulus bill slammed as grab bag of special interests  houston chronicle , 11 / 11 / 01  week in review desk ; section 4  november 4 - 10  enron , a giant bargain  by richard a oppel jr .  11 / 11 / 2001  the new york times  page 2 , column 3  c . 2001 new york times company  with its principal business in peril , enron agreed to be acquired by dynegy for $ 9 billion - - one - ninth what it was worth last year . enron , of houston , used political muscle and trading - floor savvy to create new markets for electricity and gas and become the nation ' s dominant energy trader . yet its refusal to explain its finances caught up to it last month , when investors fled after disclosure of an s . e . c . probe and an unusual $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity . after it admitted overstating profits by $ 600 million , other energy companies began to shun enron , putting its trading business in jeopardy . finally , a humbled enron , out of options , threw itself into the arms of dynegy , its much smaller crosstown rival . richard a . oppel jr .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones section 3  databank  dow breaks through pre - attack level  by michael brick  11 / 11 / 2001  the new york times  page 15 , column 3  c . 2001 new york times company  stocks posted big gains this past week , pushing the dow jones industrial average to its highest close since the sept . 11 attacks .  the federal reserve ' s half - point reduction of short - term interest rates on tuesday , to 2 percent - - the 10 th cut this year - - was a big reason for the advance . investors bought stocks on optimism that the latest cut would finally help stimulate the economy .  equities got a further lift when reports emerged on friday that seemed to run counter to the fed ' s prediction that the economy would worsen , suggesting an economic turnaround had already started . the university of michigan ' s monthly index of consumer sentiment , a widely followed barometer , showed a november improvement in attitudes about finances and the economy .  for the week , the dow jones industrials rose 284 . 46 , or 3 . 05 percent , to 9 , 608 . 00 , the first time since the sept . 11 attacks that the average had closed above its sept . 10 finish of 9 , 605 . 51 . the nasdaq composite index rose 82 . 75 , or 4 . 74 percent , to 1 , 828 . 48 . the standard & poor ' s 500 - stock index rose 36 . 21 , or 3 . 34 percent , to 1 , 120 . 31 . both the nasdaq and s . & p . indexes regained their pre - attack levels in october . michael brick  chart : ' ' stocks in the news ' ' baxter international nyse : bax baxter said a chemical that it used to manufacture filters for dialysis patients may have played a role in dozens of deaths around the world . the f . d . a . is investigating those deaths . friday ' s close : $ 47 . 48 week ' s change : - 3 . 10 % est . ' 01 p / e : 27 . 13 cisco systems nnm : csco for the first time this year , cisco ' s revenue increased from the previous quarter . although it had a loss in the first fiscal quarter , the results exceeded wall street ' s expectations . friday ' s close : $ 19 . 20 week ' s change : + 11 . 24 % est . ' 01 p / e : 86 . 49 bellsouth nyse : bls the regional telephone company said it expected revenue to grow 5 to 7 percent in 2002 , compared with sales growth of 8 to 9 percent this year . friday ' s close : $ 39 . 02 week ' s change : + 3 . 67 % est . ' 01 p / e : 17 . 66 microsoft nnm : msft a federal judge plans to hold separate but related proceedings on the proposed antitrust settlement between microsoft and the bush administration . friday ' s close : $ 65 . 21 week ' s change : + 6 . 21 % est . ' 01 p / e : 35 . 44 newport news shipbuilding nyse : nns the company agreed to a $ 2 . 1 billion takeover by northrop grumman , a rival military contractor . northrop will acquire the outstanding shares for $ 67 . 50 each and assume $ 500 million of debt . friday ' s close : $ 67 . 95 week ' s change : - 2 . 09 % est . ' 01 p / e : 20 . 75 dynegy nyse : dyn dynegy has agreed to acquire enron , a rival energy trading company , in a deal valued at about $ 9 billion . it also includes the assumption of around $ 13 billion in enron debt . friday ' s close : $ 38 . 76 week ' s change : + 15 . 87 % est . ' 01 p / e : 18 . 52 palm nnm : palm the hand - held computer maker said that its chief executive , carl j . yankowski , had resigned . the departure comes after a year of missteps , including product delays and inventory buildups . friday ' s close : $ 2 . 65 week ' s change : + 14 . 22 % est . ' 01 p / e : - - h . j . heinz nyse : hnz citing a slowdown in its food - service business , the company lowered its profit targets for the second quarter and for the full fiscal year . friday ' s close : $ 39 . 90 week ' s change : - 7 . 66 % est . ' 01 p / e : 14 . 98 ( source : bloomberg financial markets )  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  news  dealings of enron emerging  tom fowler  staff  11 / 11 / 2001  houston chronicle  4 star  16  ( copyright 2001 )  the enron name may soon fade away , but the federal securities investigation that helped erode the energy giant ' s foundation is not over yet .  the 3 1 / 2 - week - old securities and exchange commission probe into enron corp . ' s finances is likely drawing closer to answering questions about complex partnerships that wiped out more than $ 1 billion in shareholder value and almost $ 600 million in profits .  sec officials don ' t discuss their works in progress , but already the results are becoming clear .  the company admitted that massive accounting errors over the past four years led it to overstate its profits and understate its debts , an admission that no doubt saved the company from some sec penalties , say observers .  and the company has gradually distanced itself from its former chief financial officer - considered the architect behind some of the deals - and indicated that other employees were personally involved in the partnerships without its knowledge . but the culpability of enron ' s current or former employees , if any , won ' t be clear for some time .  on oct . 17 , the day after enron reported an unexpected third - quarter loss , the sec began asking enron questions about two off - balance - sheet partnerships , called ljml and ljm 2 . they were formed to help the company grow without adding additional debt or diluting stock valuations , and were also used to help hedge against the risks in some of enron ' s newer lines of business .  former cfo andy fastow formed the partnerships with the approval of the company ' s board of directors , attorneys and auditors . his dual role as cfo and managing partner of those two partnerships had the appearance of a conflict of interest , even though enron insisted that measures were taken to prevent any illegal or unethical behavior .  the sec ' s role in looking at the partnerships isn ' t to prevent company executives from having conflicts of interest in their dealings , however , but rather to make sure the companies fully disclose those conflicts or any situations that may appear to be conflicts , said john coates , a professor at harvard law school .  " so although they have a role in determining that all the information in enron ' s proxy was correct and that all transactions were reported , they were not responsible for determining whether or not the transactions were done on fair terms , " coates said .  item 404 of sec regulation s - k requires companies to disclose any transactions where executive officers personally benefit by $ 60 , 000 or more . that disclosure should include their direct and indirect interests in the deal , the amount of money or assets they receive through it and other information .  as in all rules , however , there are certain exceptions .  if an executive ' s compensation from a deal is less than 10 percent of the value of the overall transaction , they may not need to disclose all of those details , coates said . that stipulation could possible give enron cover for not having previously disclosed the $ 30 million fastow earned through the partnerships .  " but there are times when the companies may have followed the letter of the rules and the sec still pushes them to fully disclose the details , " he said .  whether or not enron needed to disclose previously the investments or profits that a number of other employees made in some of the partnerships is also hard to discern .  the company said this week that in addition to fastow , five other employees invested in the deals . two of those employees - ben glisan , a managing director and treasurer of enron corp . , and kristina mordaunt , a managing director and general counsel of an enron division - were terminated by enron this week . the other employees , including fastow and executives michael kopper , kathy lynn and anne yeager , no longer work for enron .  the company didn ' t mention how much those individuals invested or how much benefit , if any , they reaped from the deals . some of the employees may not even fall under the disclosure rule since it doesn ' t give a clear definition of what positions are " executive officers . "  the company has gradually distanced itself from fastow and the partnerships since the problems arose . shortly after the earnings report last month lay said he and the board stood by fastow , but a day later replaced him .  on oct . 31 , the day enron said the sec had upgraded its review of the finances from a simple inquiry to a formal investigation , the company announced that its board of directors had created a special investigation committee of its own . a company spokeswoman stressed that the committee had the power to take disciplinary action against any enron employee , officer or director who it determines " improperly participated in the transactions . "  in its sec filing that outlined the partnerships on thursday , the company said it was aware of the partnerships but required that certain safeguards be put in place and that the transactions be approved and reviewed regularly .  " whether these controls and procedures were properly implemented is a subject of the special committee ' s investigation , " the statement said .  at a friday news conference , lay said the board was aware of the formation of one of the partnerships but that he was not aware that glisan and mordaunt were investing in the partnerships . lay deflected many of the questions regarding the investigation , saying a conference call would be held next week .  shareholders have lined up behind lawsuits against the company , the partnerships , and even the company ' s law firm , vinson & elkins .  " disclosure cases and state corporate law cases are all but assured in situations like this , " coates said . " even if the sec does very little , the shareholders will still line up . "  photo : the new enron corp . building , framed by a curved walkway , is still under construction in downtown houston . if dynegy ' s proposal is approved , the $ 200 million , 40 - story building will be among its new assets in the purchase of its much larger rival .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  news  demise of enron a blow to city / as local business pillars crumble , dynegy a bright spot  david kaplan  staff  11 / 11 / 2001  houston chronicle  4 star  1  ( copyright 2001 )  it seems like only days ago that enron corp . was being held up as an example of a company that could see the future .  the wizards of wall street were marveling at the corporation ' s bold , innovative strategies .  in houston , high - flying enron was erecting its new headquarters downtown , a tall and shiny skyscraper , the city ' s first in more than a decade .  and now , almost suddenly , enron is vanishing .  in the past few months , three pillars of houston ' s economy and business leadership have fallen on hard times . compaq computer corp . , the centerpiece of houston ' s technology image , may be sold . continental airlines has laid off thousands as it adjusts to a slowing economy and the aftermath of sept . 11 in the travel business .  and only months ago , houston lost the headquarters of american general as the company was sold to american international group .  now enron will disappear as it is absorbed by one of its rivals .  what impact does all of this negative business news have on houston ' s image ?  the recent wave of corporate downturns has some experts concerned , but others say that when they look at the big picture they are still optimistic .  " the fact we have had multiple blows has certainly had a negative effect in the short run , " said barton smith , director of the institute for regional forecasting at the university of houston .  but in the long run , smith said , a city ' s future has more to do with its quality of life and the quality of its infrastructure than whether the city has lost or attracted a major headquarters .  " when boeing left seattle , we said , ` poor seattle , ' " smith said . " ( three months later ) seattle is still growing and still known as a good place to live . "  what is more important in terms of houston ' s corporate image and its image in general , smith said , is " whether it ' s easy to get around and get to work and how smoothly a businessman can get to tokyo or london . "  smith believes houstonians should be more concerned about other local problems such as getting the city ' s pollution problem " under control in a rational way . " if houston continues to be known as one of the most polluted cities in america , smith said , " that will continue to haunt us . "  the demise of enron is " certainly not good news , nor was compaq good news , " said steve klineberg , a rice university professor of sociology .  the two companies enhanced the city ' s image and stature , klineberg said , in that they signified that houston was moving out of a 20 th - century oil - based economy into a 21 st - century economy based on information and technology .  in terms of image , the enron news is more damaging within the business community than to the perception of houston by the world at large , said steve currall , associate professor of management psychology and statistics at the jesse h . jones graduate school of management at rice university .  " enron has very little business - to - consumer activity , and for the average person on the street " it doesn ' t mean much , he said .  but it is significant to the business community , currall said . enron has been a fortune 10 company and consistently ranked as one of the most innovative companies in america . " and i think the struggles of enron ( have ) a negative impact " in the business community , he said .  " houston has benefited from a company like enron , which has made the city a world headquarters for energy trading , " currall said . " it made us a hub for the development of financial management innovations .  " it ' s part of the reason why enron and dynegy resonate with the wall street gang . they say , ` that trading stuff down there is cool . ' it ' s the convergence of highly sophisticated finance and the energy industry . "  currall said he is delighted that dynegy is enron ' s " suitor " because it keeps the people and operations in houston .  " that ' s great news for houston , " he said .  others agreed that the presence of dynegy in houston will soften the blow .  enron being bought by dynegy , another houston firm , is " like a couple of cousins getting together , " said barry silverman , a marketing and management consultant .  " in a sense , there is no loss for houston , " said david crossley , president of the gulf coast institute , a nonprofit group that promotes quality - of - life issues in the area .  " who would have thought that a company in houston was capable of buying enron ? " crossley said . it makes dynegy a bigger company and , he said , creates a certain mystique about houston since both cutting - edge businesses are here .  david morris , the managing partner of the houston office of heidrick & struggles , an executive recruiting firm , believes that houston has been unfairly stereotyped as having a " gunslinger " style of business environment , and he is concerned that " what ' s perceived as a gunslinging type of accounting at enron will be underscored once again . "  but what should really be emphasized , morris said , is houston ' s creativity .  " that enron took an old - line industry of gas transmission and re - created it into the marketing of gas and trading of gas and hedging of the price for gas - creating different value streams in the same industry - and did it before the rest of the world could grasp it all is pretty amazing , and none of that is going away , " he said .  that point was echoed by don henderson , vice president and managing director of hyatt regency , houston , and the recent chairman of the greater houston convention and visitors bureau .  " when you think of new york , you think of the stock market , " he said , " and when you think of chicago , you think of agribusiness .  " and more and more when you think of houston , it ' s energy as a commodity . and it ' s only going to be stronger with all the mergers and acquisitions because the business of trading energy as a commodity is only going to grow . "  henderson maintained that houston is still the envy of much of the country .  houston has always been one of the continuously booming economies , he said , and " has bounced back quicker and stronger than any region . "  to offer an example of the city ' s resilience and appeal , henderson noted that hewlett - packard chief executive officer carly fiorina recently stated that the work force of compaq ' s houston campus might increase in size in part because of the city ' s business - friendly environment compared to what she described as a less friendly business climate in california .  silverman maintained that the recent experiences of various local businesses " won ' t hurt our image at all . "  " in this global economy , you often see companies changing names and headquarters , " he said . " it ' s like a monopoly game .  " i bet if i asked 100 people where microsoft is headquartered , 50 of them couldn ' t tell me . "  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  outlook  editorials  flying blind / by keeping investors in the dark , enron lost its way  staff  11 / 11 / 2001  houston chronicle  4 star  2  ( copyright 2001 )  last spring , enron chairman ken lay told a leadership forum at the university of houston that his goal was to make enron the no . 1 company in the world . six months later , enron was fighting for its life . in a $ 7 . 8 billion stock deal struck friday , enron will cease to exist as its operations are folded into rival houston energy firm dynegy .  enron , in recent years one of houston ' s most important corporations , did not reach this pass because its ambitions were too high . unlike the mythical icarus , enron did not fly too near the sun , melting the wax of its wings .  enron ' s troubles came because some of its top executives chose to do much of their piloting under cover of darkness . in the process , they lost their way .  by using several mysterious partnerships to finance projects and shield risk and debt from public scrutiny , enron ' s leaders set the stage for the vicious circle in which drops in earnings and investor confidence and creditworthiness followed and exacerbated one another . the deals became so complicated and impenetrable that enron ' s directors , who approved them , no longer knew whether the company ' s revenues and assets were coming or going .  the securities and exchange commission is investigating enron ' s financial arrangements and questionable bookkeeping , and an enron spokesman says the company now finds it difficult to know the state of the partnerships it owned or controlled . following months during which enron ' s announcements regarding departing executives lacked both accuracy and candor , the company this past week restated its finances back to 1997 , subtracting $ 586 million from its net income and adding $ 2 . 5 billion to its debt . regardless of what the sec inquiry finds , enron ' s revised accounting makes a good case for congressional or regulatory elimination of whatever loopholes allowed enron to inflate its income and obscure its debt .  enron officials say a special board committee is investigating the financial arrangements between former enron executives and the obscure investment partnerships they managed or controlled . an enron spokesman said the committee would make public its findings " at an appropriate time . " the appropriateness of that time diminishes the further it gets from the present .  neither enron officials nor investors need to wait for the committee ' s report to conclude that letting executives profit on the side from the partnerships while sticking stockholders with the liabilities was inappropriate . for the sake of enron , its stockholders and the citizens of houston , who depend on enron ' s contribution to the economy and the civic life of the city , that arrangement must not be repeated .  much of enron ' s problems stem from straightforward but imprudent or ill - timed investments : a power plant in india , broadband capacity not needed in a collapsing telecommunications market , and a doomed venture into the water business - azurix corp .  those losses might have been survivable , had enron not denied its own transactions the transparency it sought for global energy markets .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk  deregulation not derailed by california ' s meltdown power : though many energy firms were scarred in the state ' s free - market stumble , analysts say they are likely to rebound .  nancy rivera brooks  times staff writer  11 / 11 / 2001  los angeles times  home edition  c - 1  copyright 2001 / the times mirror company  branded as lawless cowboys by california politicians and consumer advocates , energy merchants rode skyrocketing electricity and natural gas prices to new stock highs during the worst of california ' s energy crisis .  but in recent months these energy companies - - names such as duke , dynegy , reliant , aes , mirant , williams and el paso corp . - - have seen their fortunes dim as california ' s electricity meltdown has slowed the pace of deregulation nationwide , power prices have tumbled and the economy has faltered .  even power plant owners and energy trading operations that have maintained healthy earnings growth have watched their stock performance fade .  and then there ' s the enron effect .  enron corp . , cast as the heavy by california politicians , has suffered the biggest fall of all and has helped to drag down stocks of other energy producers and traders .  enron ' s woes appear to be a special case in that they flow less from its energy businesses than from a loss of investor confidence in the company ' s complex and shadowy financial structure , with a resulting cash crunch .  nonetheless , enron ' s detractors are crowing at the rapid decline of the truest believer in electricity deregulation , the movement to take businesses controlled for decades by monopoly utilities and throw open the generation , trading and retail sale of electricity to new competitors .  but just as enron is not dead , neither is electricity deregulation , energy experts contend . though several states have delayed their deregulation plans and some major corporate players are tempering their enthusiasm , other states and corporations press ahead .  it ' s a tough new world for energy companies that will bring profit opportunities for some and acquisitions of low - priced players , analysts say . enron , once the most brash of the energy peddlers , has agreed to be acquired by archrival dynegy inc . in a $ 7 . 7 - billion stock deal .  yet when the economy and power prices improve , energy companies will see their prospects gleam again , analysts say .  " deregulation is a train that ' s not going to be derailed . it may be delayed , but it ' s coming , " said jon kyle cartwright , senior energy analyst with brokerage firm raymond james & associates .  " when the economy rebounds , we ' re going to see higher energy prices again , " cartwright said . " that means that the guys who sell power , the guys who manufacture power - - they ' re going to have very bright futures . "  less than a year ago , when energy prices were headed for record territory in california and a winter of electricity shortages plagued the state , the favorite whipping boys of gov . gray davis and other politicians were such energy sellers as enron , aes corp . , dynegy , duke energy corp . , reliant energy inc . , mirant corp . , williams cos . and el paso corp .  all are energy companies that own power plants in california or sell electricity or natural gas in the state at prices deemed by state officials to be higher than those a truly competitive market would have produced . the energy companies have denied that they overcharged californians , and federal regulators investigating the matter have so far ordered only limited refunds of electricity revenues .  nonetheless , southern california edison co . and pacific gas & electric co . lost so much money paying for electricity - - costs they could not pass on to customers because of a rate freeze - - that they became insolvent . pg management has been tight - lipped about the purpose and holdings of the investment vehicles .  takeover rumors swirled last week around enron before dynegy announced the deal friday , underscoring predictions of general industry consolidation because of low stock prices .  some firms thriving , but not their stocks  some companies are still going strong , although their stocks remain depressed .  that includes companies on the receiving end of potshots from california ' s politicians and utility regulators such as duke energy , dynegy , mirant , nrg corp . and williams , as well as san jose - based calpine corp . , which was repeatedly praised by davis for playing a constructive role during the crisis .  calpine , for instance , said third - quarter profit and revenue doubled because the electricity producer increased sales by adding power plants . and yet its stock is down 55 % from a 52 - week high of $ 58 reached in march .  " these are the energy merchants that seem to have the best grasp on the market and on risk management , " said chris ellinghaus , power and natural gas analyst with williams capital in new york . many of these companies are diversified geographically and by the fuel they use to generate electricity and had locked in favorable contracts that protected them when power prices fell this summer , he said .  abn amro utility analyst paul patterson said investors have turned away from these companies , even the healthy ones , because the business " isn ' t as exciting as it used to be . "  " people go on earnings momentum . it ' s kind of like having your dessert first , " patterson said . " once the best is over , you lose your appetite . "  one company trying to adapt to deregulation ' s devolution in california is commonwealth energy corp . , which has survived a run - in with the california public utilities commission and the suspension in california of direct access , commonwealth ' s primary business of selling electricity directly to consumers and businesses .  commonwealth energy was one of the more than 300 companies that flocked to california to sell retail electricity to the customers of southern california edison , pg & e and san diego gas ; photographer : robert gauthier / los angeles times ; graphic : landscape for electricity , los angeles times ; ; graphic : losing wattage , los angeles times ;  copyright ? 2000 dow jones on friday they were worth a tenth of that .  the market felt there was good reason to push the stock to those heights . here was a company that had , for many years , appeared to make all the right moves . as the group transformed itself from a dull utility into an exciting mix of energy trading , communications and services , it seemed never to put a foot wrong . " you had such an outstanding and arrogant company , " said roger hamilton , a senior fund manager at john hancock , " they were the giant . everything in the energy industry touched enron . "  the company even managed to persuade investors its convoluted management structure , which some believe is the root cause of its demise , was a positive thing . " you can ' t kiss the ass of 24 people , " said former enron chairman jeffrey skilling . " and together those 24 people are more likely to have the interests of the shareholders at heart than any one person . "  unfortunately , behind the scenes , all hell was breaking loose . the last couple of months have given the market a long , embarrassing string of revelations about the company it once cherished . the company has $ 13 bn of outstanding debt , and has found its access to funds extremely limited . two weeks ago , as a measure of its desperation , enron had to secure a rescue loan against its 25 , 000 - mile network of gas pipelines . along the way , details of the group ' s botched expansion into india have made for supremely depressing reflections on management . crowning the whole sorry tale , and driving the shares down 80 per cent , was the opening last month of a securities and exchange commission probe into the accounting for some of enron ' s partnerships . last week came the sacking of the group ' s treasurer and corporate lawyer , and a revision of earnings for the last four years to the tune of half - a - billion dollars .  despite it all , dynergy ' s bid could be the steal of the century . until all its troubles are out in the open , enron may be just a little too grimy for many potential buyers . but even the most bearish analysts can see there are rich pickings from the old enron empire . dynergy ' s big problem is snapping them up before the big boys , including chevron or shell , poach the good stuff .  leo lewis  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  usa : wall street takes aim at accounting tricks .  by deepa babington  11 / 11 / 2001  reuters english news service  ( c ) reuters limited 2001 .  new york , nov 11 ( reuters ) - wall street is starting to refuse to bite the bait on dubious earnings numbers highlighted by corporations in press releases .  companies tout profit figures , frequently called pro forma results , that strip out unseemly one - time charges and expenses at record levels - more than $ 200 billion this year alone . investors , analysts , and accountants are revolting , and pressure is building to do away with the medley of different profit numbers or at least cut down on it .  standard & poor ' s , a major compiler of earnings and other financial data , now will treat restructuring charges , stock option expenses , and write - downs from ongoing operations as part of a company ' s operating earnings - items that many companies exclude from their version of operating earnings .  " in the past , s & p would take a company ' s special charges at their word , " said s & p analyst robert friedman , who was involved in the project . " but now we ' re going to say , ' hey , wait a minute . ' "  the decision underscores the momentum building on wall street to scrutinize corporate accounting . one recent high - profile victim of this movement was enron corp . the energy trading company faced a crisis in investor confidence after it became clear it had boosted profits and racked up debt through complex financial transactions known as off - balance sheet deals .  the deals , which were structured so they wouldn ' t show up on enron ' s balance sheet , caused enron to chop almost $ 600 million off earnings for the last four years . the once - mighty company lost $ 20 billion in market value , and on friday agreed to be bought by smaller rival dynegy inc .  investors are scared of such stock market casualties . that ' s partly why they want to crack down on pro - forma numbers , which often present a much rosier picture of a company ' s performance because they exclude a whole bevy of costs that drag down the bottom line .  " hopefully , this will put pressure on companies to think twice when they put out their financials , " said friedman .  tech companies , in particular , conveniently have stripped out everything from inventory write - downs to severance costs from their bottom - line figures and pressured analysts to do the same with their earnings estimates .  mobile phone maker motorola inc . , for example , reported a third - quarter pro forma loss of $ 153 million early last month . after including charges for investment impairments , cost reduction activities and additional reserves for its financing of a turkish cellular operator , however , the company posted a whopping $ 1 . 4 billion loss .  a motorola spokesman was not available for comment .  the practice has also made it difficult for analysts and investors to compare the results of one company against its peers as each comes up with its own ideas of what should be included in pro forma earnings .  " there are so many variants of pro forma that it can cloud comparisons , " said david zion , an accounting analyst at bear stearns .  the proliferation of these reports has also caught the attention of the nation ' s accounting rule makers , even though they don ' t have the authority to police press releases .  the financial accounting standards board ( fasb ) two weeks ago said it is pressing ahead with a project that will look at how some closely watched items such as pension fund income should be classified and presented in financial statements .  corporate america was not enthused by the idea and several corporations wrote to the accounting body urging it not to go ahead with the plan , said the project ' s senior manager , ronald bossio .  but fund managers and investors are applauding .  in a survey of 223 portfolio managers by capital markets firm broadgate consultants , nine out of 10 stock pickers said companies need to improve how they report results . fasb needs to come up with one key indicator of financial performance , and companies should abide by it , they basically said .  if the accounting rule - making body accepted ebitda , or earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization , as a key measure , companies ought to calculate it in a consistent manner and display it as a separate item on their statements , almost all managers agreed .  " i think that pro forma thing is just a way to get around generally accepted accounting principles , " said debra mcneill , a portfolio manager at fremont investment advisors . " i think there needs to be some guidelines to be set out on pro forma numbers , but it does not necessarily need to be banned .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones instead , they extend a slew of tax breaks , routinely approved by congress , which are about to expire .  at the white house , spokesman ari fleischer said the senate bill contained " too much spending and not enough stimulus . " he lambasted the $ 220 million in the bill for bison meat , eggplant , cauliflower and pumpkin growers - in essence , a government subsidy for commodities that have " experienced low prices during the 2000 or 2001 crop years . " thirty - four commodities would qualify .  but senate finance committee chairman max baucus , d - mont . , said aid for the ailing agricultural sector is an appropriate element of a recovery plan .  " when our national economy declines , rural areas are often among the areas that are hit the hardest and that recover slowest , " baucus said .  another industry that could benefit from the senate bill is the motion picture industry . like the house bill , the senate bill allows businesses more quickly to write off their investments in assets whose value depreciates over a number of years . but unlike the house legislation , the senate bill includes a provision specifying that films are a depreciable asset qualifying for the tax break .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .
HAM Subject: organization announcement  we are pleased to announce the following organization changes within enron  global markets ( egm ) .  larry lawyer will be joining egm effective immediately to lead our new  finance activities . in this role , he will work with all commodity products ,  assets , and teams worldwide to lever our existing businesses with this new  focus . larry has worked as treasurer and was responsible for 3 rd party  financing for ebs for the last year . he has worked for enron for 4 1 / 2 years  in various positions in the finance area . he will be reporting to the office  of the chairman .  eric gonzales will be joining the lng team and will co - head this effort with  rick bergsieker . we believe there is significant opportunity in the  worldwide lng markets , and eric will direct all merchant activity and focus  on the atlantic regions of the world . he will also manage the lng shipping  book . eric is located in the london office and also has responsibility for  leading the newly formed pool markets origination group reporting to joe  gold .  rick bergsieker has relocated to dubai , in the uae . he is responsible for  all middle east activities and projects , managing the puerto rico assets and  will co - head the worldwide lng efforts . rick has over 20 years of lng  experience and together , he and eric will form an outstanding leadership team  as we expand enron  , s lng activities around the world . they both will report  to the office of the chairman .  jennifer fraser will come over and develop our market fundamentals group for  all products in egm , much like ena natural gas and power fundamentals and  intranet pages existing today . previously , jennifer was working in the mid  market origination group . heather purcell will be joining this group  developing the commercial interface for our intranet page . heather was with  azurix , where she worked on the platform interface for their ebusiness  initiatives .  gary hickerson will be chairing our traders  , roundtable . this new group will  be comprised of traders across enron ' s wholesale trading and risk management  businesses . this forum will give traders the opportunity to discuss topics  important to their individual markets , and to learn and explore other markets  in a macro sense . also , we will be forming a cross - commodity trading group .  traders who have shown extremely strong and consistent profitability will  have the opportunity to join this group and to exploit cross - commodity  opportunities with a bias toward structural shifts in markets . this group  will not be involved in customer activity and will execute through our  principal desks . gary will manage this new group , as well as continuing  with his current f / x , rates , equity , and agriculture initiatives .  please join us in congratulating everyone on their new positions .  organization charts outlining the entire egm organization are available upon  request from cathy phillips .
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 11 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 17 ;  start date : 12 / 11 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected .  variances detected in load schedule .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121117 . txt  - - - - load schedule - - - -  $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads .  details : ( hour : 17 / preferred : 559 . 79 / final : 559 . 79 )  trans _ type : final  load _ id : pge 3  mkt _ type : 2  trans _ date : 12 / 11 / 01  sc _ id : enrj
HAM Subject: executive list for stan horton  pls review the attached asap . write in the names / addresses as needed , draw  a line thru those not needed . get your revisions to me . we need to send  this list to cordes by close of business friday 7 / 21 for stan ' s reorg  announcement .  thx  kh
HAM Subject: re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00  jackie , talk to darren about this . the deal you reference is an hpl deal with  dynegy and i don ' t have access to it . i ' m on the east desk . yesterday i  extended the deal 421415 for the 6 th and 19 th and meredith inserted a path in  unify - tetco to cover the small overflow volume between hpl and ena . the  ena / hpl piece is done . the piece between hpl and dynegy is what you need  inserted . thanks  jackie young  12 / 15 / 2000 11 : 32 am  to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect  cc : victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00  sherlyn , i ' ve placed the correct volumes for days 6 and 9 for ena . i ' ll have  the deal extended for dynegy and let you know when it ' s done .  victor , can you extend the deal 422516 for days 6 and 9 please ? thanks . oh  and by the way , i had mistaken you for someone else when i sent you the  e - mail on yesterday . sorry . i thought that i knew you . anyway , please  advise when you ' ve extended the deal so that sherlyn can create an accounting  arrangement .  thanks  - jackie -  3 - 9497  to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect  cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00  i don ' t want to tell you to add any contracts , because i am not sure about  that . i am just saying if you look at ray ' s schedule there are 2 deals out  there , one is a purchase from ena and the other a purchase from dynegy . the  track id i gave you was for ena . you cannot allocate the dynegy piece  until i give you a track id . i cannot give you a track id until the deal is  extended for days 10 / 6 and 10 / 19 .  jackie young  12 / 15 / 2000 10 : 51 am  to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00  arre you saying that for both days that two ( 2 ) ena contracts should be  placed at the meter for days 6 and 19 and then allocating half of the the  total volume to each contract ?  to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect  cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00  jackie ,  you did not allocate this according to ray ' s schedule . the track id i gave  you was only for the purchase from ena . you need to extend the deal for the  purchase from dynegy . you put all of the volume on these 2 days on ena ,  that is not what is on ray ' s schedule , so we are still out on the  interconnect report .  jackie young  12 / 15 / 2000 10 : 30 am  to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect  cc : alfonso trabulsi / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , gregg  lenart / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00  accounting arrangement has been placed . meter has been reallocated .  thanks and let me know if you need anything else .  - jackie -  3 - 9497  from : sherlyn schumack 12 / 15 / 2000 10 : 00 am  to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , alfonso trabulsi / hou / ect @ ect  cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect  subject : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00  jackie ,  your allocation is correct with the exception of days 10 / 6 and 10 / 19 where  strangers gas is allocated . i have created an accounting arrangement for  these days and the new track id for ena is 240384 . please allocate the ena  portion according to rays schedule for these 2 days . deal 422516 ( purchase  from dynegy ) needs to be extended for these 2 days so i can do an accounting  arrangement . alfonso i need for you to allocate your meter daily , because  we have tiered pricing this month .  thanks .
HAM Subject: re : action learning project and enron tour  christie ,  let ' s meet to discuss this project . i need more information from you about it .  by the way , i shall meet bob westbrook on wednesday to discuss unrelated  issues .  vince  christie patrick  11 / 02 / 2000 12 : 33 am  to : cmiller @ rice . edu , cindy derecskey / corp / enron @ enron , michael b  rosen / hou / ect @ ect , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grwhit @ rice . edu , westbro @ rice . edu , mark  palmer / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : action learning project and enron tour  hi carrie ,  it was great meeting with you and dean whitaker again last friday , as well as  mr . westbrook .  as we discussed , i have submitted the action learning program materials to  vince kaminski , our managing director of risk analysis and corporate  research . i ' ll be following up with him , and his recommendations for project  proposals next week .  also , i ' ve discussed with our university affairs team setting up the  faculty tours - - we ' re ready when you are ! ! the sooner the better - - i ' d love to  get these in pretty immediately , and in any event , before the reception at  the end of the month . i " ll have cindy derecskey in my group email you - - she  is prepared to set these tours up .  i look forward to continuing to develop the multiple potential dynamics of  the enron - rice relationship !  thanks !  - - christie .  ps : thanks so much for the crystal rice owl - - my participation as a judge in  the rice invitational case competition was my pleasure indeed !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 11 / 02 / 2000  12 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  carrie miller on 11 / 01 / 2000 12 : 47 : 17 pm  to : christie _ patrick @ enron . com  cc : grwhit @ rice . edu , westbro @ rice . edu  subject : action learning project and enron tour  christie ,  i enjoyed visiting with you last week at the jones school . thanks for  taking time to come see us . i wanted to follow up with you regarding the  action learning project program and enron tour . we hope to have enron as  part of the program in 2001 . please let me know how i can help make this  happen . i look for the program to be full before the deadline of december lst . also , i am happy to help organize a group to tour enron . if you were  to participate in the alp program , january / february might be a good time to  put something together with key faculty and the alp team . let me know your  thoughts .  again , many thanks for your continued support of the jones school . i look  forward to hearing from you soon .  carrie  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  carrie chamberlin miller  director of mba program  jesse h . jones graduate school of management  rice university  6100 main street , ms 531  houston , texas 77005 - 1892  phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 5260  fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251  e - mail : cmiller @ rice . edu  http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs /
HAM Subject: schedule c  attached is the preliminary schedule c as of march 30 , 2001 . a new schedule  c will follow as the information is updated .  thanks  anita  36753
HAM Subject: re :  yes , would you like me to call you ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : sat 12 / 8 / 2001 6 : 40 pm  to : miller , don ( asset mktg )  cc :  subject : re :  any time tomorrow morning possible ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : miller , don ( asset mktg )  sent : saturday , december 08 , 2001 3 : 06 pm  to : kitchen , louise  subject :  louise ,  i have a draft org . chart and would like to have you review it this weekend , if possible . please give me a shout and i will run the charts by your house .  713 - 529 - 6280  don
HAM Subject: new invoice for energy and weather  vince ,  ?  please find attached a replacement invoice for invoice number 215 . ? this  invoice includes the correction in charges for the weather course , and for  only one attendee for the energy derivatives course .  ?  if you should have any questions , please contact me .  ?  sincerely ,  julie  - enron 283 _ 9 _ 04 _ 01 . doc
HAM Subject: re : industrials  robert ,  please make sure that gary gets a copy of the industrial spreadsheet . nobody  has seen it in a few  months . thanks , pat  from : gary a hanks @ ect 06 / 29 / 2000 08 : 59 am  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : industrials  if it is the one i am thinking of it does . i haven ' t seen one for a few  months .  pat , will you make sure robert sends one to me via email .  thanks  gary  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 06 / 29 / 2000 08 : 54  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  daren j farmer  06 / 28 / 2000 07 : 59 pm  to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : industrials  gary ,  does the workhseet mentioned below assist you with the monthly operations  related to the industrial customers ?  d  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 06 / 28 / 2000  07 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron  cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : industrials  first of the month industrials are coming along fine . i will finalize my  pathing tomorrow , thursday , and set up buybacks and swings by the  end of day friday .  the industrial " buyback & deficiency deals " worksheet has captured the  necessary data to help gas control & the on - call scheduler as well as  myself and client services .  i will have a preliminary worksheet done by the end of day friday .  i am on vacation during the week of july 5 th thru july 10 th .  enron north america corp .  from : pat clynes @ enron 06 / 28 / 2000 12 : 45 pm  to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect  cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : industrials  robert ,  how do we look on the industrial deadlines ? please let me know . thanks ,  pat  daren j farmer @ ect  06 / 28 / 2000 11 : 19 am  to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : industrials  when will the buybacks and swings be set up for july ? i am a little  concerned with the long weekend coming up . i believe that we agreed that  these would be set up by the 3 rd work day , which would be friday the 7 th .  ( six days of flow . ) i definitely don ' t think that we should any later . it  would be great if this could be handled sooner , miimizing our economic impact .  additionally , we need to get the industrial spreadsheet up and running  again . this report is very beneficial to gas control , industrial traders and  schedulers on call .  let me know what you think .  d
HAM Subject: college career fairs  hello !  you have been selected to represent enron - portland at an upcoming college career fair this fall or early winter . below you will find the school and date of the career fair you are asked to attend . could you check your schedule and let me know your availability ? i ' d like to know asap so that i can make arrangements for travel , etc .  give me a call ( or send me an e - mail ) if you have any questions !  thanks ,  grace  x 8321  = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  school career fair attendee  washington state 9 / 27 bill williams ( wsu student marketing meeting on 9 / 26 )  u cal davis 10 / 11 todd perry  oregon state 10 / 23 maria van houten  univ of oregon 1 / 30 jeffrey oh  portland state univ 2 / 13 chris mallory  university of portland tbd kourtney nelson  univ of washington n / a n / a ( same day as uc davis fair )
HAM Subject: re : research and development charges to gpg  vera ,  we shall talk to the accounting group about the correction .  vince  08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 26 pm  vera apodaca @ enron  vera apodaca @ enron  vera apodaca @ enron  08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 26 pm  08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 26 pm  to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : research and development charges to gpg  per mail dated june 15 from kim watson , there was supposed to have occurred  a true - up of $ 274 . 7 in july for the fist six months of 2000 . reviewing july  actuals , i was not able to locate this entry . would you pls let me know  whether this entry was made , if not , when do you intend to process it .  thanks .
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ;  start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122820 . txt
HAM Subject: re : the package  dear vince ,  thank you very much for your e - mail and for acknowledging receipt of my  package .  i am really excited about the opportunity to see you soon . i am available  every  day at the first half of february , except for february 8 after 2 pm . ( i will  give a presentation at the southern methodist university ) .  please let me know if it is more convenient for you to see me in houston and i  will be happy to fly there .  i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely ,  valery
HAM Subject: var 12 / 28 / 01  as an aside ? .  normal historical vol  corp $ 105 . 6 mm $ 112 . 2 mm  americas $ 96 . 3 mm $ 101 . 9 mm  gas var $ 52 . 9 mm $ 55 . 4 mm * cvar shows april 02 as having largest risk $ 23 mm  power var $ 50 . 5 mm $ 52 . 77 mm
HAM Subject: request submitted : access request for manfred . roenz @ enron . com  you have received this email because you are listed as a data approver .  please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000007666  request create date : 11 / 17 / 00 8 : 40 : 57 am  requested for : manfred . roenz @ enron . com  resource name : eol us risk management application product data manager  resource type : applications
HAM Subject: summer part time employee  add her to the distribution list for associate social functions .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by celeste roberts / hou / ect on 06 / 23 / 2000  05 : 06 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  06 / 23 / 2000 09 : 56 am  to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect  subject : summer part time employee  celeste ,  i have talked to you last evening about elena chilkina ,  an mba rice student who works for us part - time during the academic year ,  and full time this summer .  she asked if she could participate in the program for summer associates .  ( presentations , social meetings ) ,  i would appreciate if you could help her .  vince
HAM Subject: omaha - certificate status report  attached is the certificate status report ( omaha ) for august 2001 .  if you would like your name removed from the distribution list of this report , please let me know . thanks mw
HAM Subject: turbine position report update  louise ,  attached is the latest turbine position report to be distributed tomorrow afternoon .  please let us know if you have any updates .  thanks ,  kevin
HAM Subject: summer internship  hi ,  i ' d like to thank you for the opportunity of letting me work here this  summer . i ' ve learned a lot in the past three months and hopefully have been  of some help around here . i was very impressed with this department , and  enron itself , and i really appreciate the chance for me to have worked in  such an environment .  so anyway , thank you and i wish you and the department well ,  brad
HAM Subject: re : coastal oil & gas usa , l . p . gas gathering agreement  from : jackie morgan @ ect 04 / 13 / 2000 04 : 38 pm  to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect  cc : clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , irene flynn / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl  dudley / hou / ect @ ect  subject : coastal oil & gas usa , l . p . gas gathering agreement  the above referenced contract has been set up in global as a point specific ,  intrastate transportation agreement .  the contract number is 98037831 . the effective date is april 1 , 2000 . the  transaction agreement is noted in the processing  agreement under 96016936 .  let me know if you have any questions .  jackie
HAM Subject: pdci / iso share ( nob ) south to north derate  after the day ahead market ran , the pdci ( tnob ) branch group in the ( s - n )  direction was changed from 2084 mw to 1904 mw and the iso share ( pnob ) was  changed from 1407 mw to 1285 mw for he ' s 1700 through 2400 for operating  day 7 / 26 / 01 . the reason for the change is for the northwest generation  urgent pump repairs . the first applicable hour ahead market to run with  these values is he 1700 . the iso will update you of any changes in line  rating status . sent by market operations , inquiries please call the hour  ahead desk .  the system conditions described in this communication are dynamic and  subject to change . while the iso has attempted to reflect the most current ,  accurate information available in preparing this notice , system conditions  may change suddenly with little or no notice .
HAM Subject: re : ut / enron mba excellence 2001 scholarship winners announced !  rick and sally  i told the scholarship winners that within the next few weeks , we would like to meet with them for lunch or dinner before the semester is over . so since we are on the subject , do you have plans to be in austin any time soon ? i will coordinate the students around your schedule . also , if you think there are others that should join the smaller luncheon / dinner , let me know . i thought about asking traci warner and billy lemmons since they are new to the aa program .  karen  sally beck 03 / 29 / 2001 01 : 34 pm to : karen marshall / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ut / enron mba excellence 2001 scholarship winners announced !  are we going to do anything for the students before fall semester ? the dinner with dean may and others from the university is great in the fall . but last year , we had thought about just a small lunch with the students and a few from enron . this can be simple and we don ' t have to coordinate around the schedule of any ut faculty or staff . but it does allow enron to have a more immediate follow up with the scholarship recepients to celebrate their being chosen . - - sally  from : karen marshall on 03 / 28 / 2001 08 : 12 pm  to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , gene humphrey / enron @ enronxgate , wanda curry / hou / ees @ ees , brent a price / enron @ enronxgate , charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , loftus fitzwater / na / enron @ enron , roger ondreko / enron @ enronxgate , andrea v reed / enron @ enronxgate  cc : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron , gwynn gorsuch / na / enron @ enron , elyse kalmans / corp / enron @ enron , laura schwartz / corp / enron @ enron , bert frazier / enron @ enronxgate , billy lemmons / corp / enron @ enron , eloy . garcia @ bus . utexas . edu  subject : ut / enron mba excellence 2001 scholarship winners announced !  i am pleased to announce the recipients of the 2001 university of texas enron mba excellence scholarships :  christopher cashman  soopang tang  holland brown  each student will receive $ 10 , 000 in scholarship money based on their essays , interviews and on how they exemplified the vision , values and beliefs of enron .  i have already notified the winners , so please join me in congratulating each one on a job well done .  special thanks to everyone who participated in the selection of the winners . stay tuned for details on the date and time for the scholarship awards dinner slated for early next semester !  e - mail : christopher . cashman @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 836 - 6489  e - mail : soopang . tang @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 708 - 0161  e - mail : holland . brown @ mbao 2 . bus . utexas . edu phone : 512 - 440 - 1142  fyi . . . all of the candidates that interviewed were outstanding according to the scholarship interview team ( sally beck , andrea reed , roger ondreko and loftus fitzwater ) . i will be sending each of them a letter to thank them for their participation and encourage them to consider enron when interviewing for full time opportunities next semester .  thank you ,  karen marshall  
HAM Subject: hpl nom . for may 5 - 7 , 2001  ( see attached file : hplno 505 . xls )  - hplno 505 . xls
HAM Subject: color copier  i ' m so sorry !  color printer .  thanks  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 01 / 05 / 2000 01 : 27  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin g moore  01 / 05 / 2000 11 : 30 am  to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j  kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , william  smith / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : color copier  hello lyn ,  how are you ? certainly hope you enjoyed the holidays .  i have not received the color printer as of yet .  could you please provide me with information concerning this .  thanks  kevin moore
HAM Subject: revision # 1 - enron / hpl actuals for july 5 , 2000  teco tap 10 . 000 / enron ; 85 . 000 / hpl iferc
HAM Subject: ferc reporting requirements for california natural gas sales  john tycholiz , barry ; nicolay , christi l . ; perrino , dave ; black , don ; fulton , donna ; steffes , james d . ; dasovich , jeff ; thome , jennifer ; kaufman , paul ; allen , phillip k . ; alvarez , ray ; frank , robert ; miller , stephanie ; walton , steve ; mara , susan ; mcmichael jr . , ed ; tholt , jane m . ; hewitt , jess ; sullivan , patti ; gay , randall l . ; superty , robert ; ponce , roger ; calcagno , suzanne ; kuykendall , tori ; south , steven p . ; shireman , kristann ; smith , george f . ; ermis , frank ; sanders , richard b . ; sharp , greg ; gahn , scott ; courtney , mark ; lindberg , susan ; ruffer , mary lynne ; pittenger , cathy ; greif , donna ; shapiro , richard  cc : lawner , leslie ; pharms , melinda  subject : please reply by wednesday , 8 / 22 - - draft rehearing request - - ferc reporting requirements for california sales  attached is a draft of our rehearing request on the order ferc issued in rmol - 9 requiring sellers of gas into california to file information on their sales , transport , and purchases . the rehearing request restates our arguments in response to the nopr that ( 1 ) permanent , formal reporting requirements are not appropriate to address a temporary problem and are beyond the scope of the commission ' s powers under the natural gas act and ( 2 ) the commission significantly underestimated the burden of the reporting requirements as well as the responding parties ' ability to comply . we also request that the reports , if they must be submitted , be due 45 days after the end of the month instead of the required 30 days .  please provide any comments or suggestions you may have on this draft to either myself ( 713 - 853 - 5840 ) or leslie ( 505 - 623 - 6778 ) by cob wednesday ( 8 / 22 ) .  thanks .
HAM Subject: pennzenergy property details  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 12 / 17 / 99 04 : 03  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  dscottl @ . com on 12 / 14 / 99 10 : 56 : 01 am  to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : pennzenergy property details  ami , attached is some more details on the devon south texas properties . let  me  know if you have any questions .  david  - devon stx . xls
HAM Subject: budget follow up after our call today  after our phone call a few minutes ago this morning , i talked to pickering and beth perlman . on development capital and expense for 2002 for ea , they said belden has agreed to a number and will has agreed to a number and that they think they almost got story on his . they will also finalize tommy yanowski on his numbers this morning . if you are hearing anything different from any of your ea team on development , call mark pickering asap .  also , we will get to you by 5 pm today the following seven enw / ea numbers and we think that they will be real close :  1 . enrononline expense in 2002 for ea in the cost based manner . whalley knows the $ 37 . 7 million total suggested 2002 number and has seen the cost based methodology . however , we will work with all the business units going forward to try to get a fee / product / trade count system implemented in place of the cost based method but we have to juggle ea , egm , eim and eel and getting agreement on that will be a real negotiation .  2 . operations expense for 2002 for ea .  3 . and 4 . systems development expense for 2002 broken in to two parts . the first part will be 2002 systems development expense associated with operations / maintenance . the second part will be new projects in systems development expense for 2002 . mark has done a fantastic job with the team the last three days working with everyone getting these two numbers down to what is necessary and has agreement from belden and will and almost has story done .  5 . it infrastructure . wes and faith and kerry and jenny met yesterday and agreed on a head count for ea and are meeting this morning on the entire ews headcount . once jenny has that right this morning and has the new ea 2002 development budget estimates , she will have a new number calculated for ea .  6 . and 7 . capital for systems development and enrononline associated with ea for 2002 . as per the ea systems development expense above , mark and the team have pulled the capital down for 2002 as well .  the key on the systems development budget for 2002 is making sure ea not only gets numbers that make sense , but understands exactly what projects and services they are buying / getting from those numbers . belden , will and story , working with pickering and his team , will have that mostly completed today so that we don ' t have a disagreement later on what you will be getting in 2002 .  the enitre enw budget team across all ews is meeting today at 4 pm to finalize all outstanding issues with any numbers . we will have kerry step out on or before 5 pm and send to you ( or probably faith ) the seven draft numbers mentioned above . we will work around the clock after that to get any marginal issues settled before thursday morning .  we will get with you with you directly again late thursday morning to finalize anything . i will try to set this up today .  thanks .  greg piper  president & ceo  enron net works llc  _ _ _ _ _
HAM Subject: re : releasing different versions of vatrfacs code  winston and jin ,  for last half year the following developments were implemented by jin for  vatrfacs code  ( the calibration code for var ) :  1 . weighting the log - returns with exponential decay factor while calculating  correlations ;  2 . calculating factors and correlations for uk curves ;  3 . joint estimation of factor loading for selected groups of commodities ;  4 . alternative method for collecting historical data for correlations  calculation  ( based on fixed contract instead of collecting prompt , prompt + 1 , etc . prices )  in order to release these developments research has to have each version under  clearcase . then we will :  1 . run vatrfacs code in stage environment ( stage has been refreshed  recently ) .  2 . run var code in stage and validate the results .  it is time to start releasing these 4 versions . projects 3 and 4 require some  experimental runs  in stage . a few traders ( in gas , power and liquids markets ) are expecting the  results .  meanwhile the following developments have been suggested by reseach , approved  by risk control ,  submitted to it as spreadsheet prototypes and waiting in line :  1 . volatility blending for intramonth power positions ;  2 . forward volatility smoothing and extracting forward forward volatilities ;  hope we can follow our procedures to make all these developments go smoothly  and efficiently .  tanya .
HAM Subject: re : gwen koepke  i will see you on friday at 3 . if you would like for me to come before then , just let me know .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 3 : 01 pm  to : labbe , anne  cc : kaminski , vince  subject : re : gwen koepke  anne ,  thanks for contacting me about this .  as a matter of fact , i wanted to talk to you about it  today as this matter was outstanding for a long time .  i think we should go ahead and adjust gwen to manager ,  effective march 1 . the compensation would be her current base plus  10 k . this is what we typically do when we promote an associate to a manager .  such promotions take place in march and i think  gwen should not be penalized for the inefficiency of her management  ( i . e . my and maureen ' s procrastination ) .  on unrelated and more serious matter . gary hickerson is the primary client  for maureen ' s services . he communicated to me a few weeks ago that he is  unwilling to underwrite maureen ' s position ( he is in general unhappy with  her contribution ) . this means that maureen will have to find another sponsor or leave enron .  given her abrasive and aggressive personality finding another internal customer  will be quite a challenge .  gary volunteered to pay a very generous severance to maureen from his budget .  i would like to talk to you about it when you have a few minutes .  vince  from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 34 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : gwen koepke  vince ,  just wanted to touch base with you . i have tried to contact maureen so that gwen ' s title and salary can be adjusted to manager just as you requested , but have not heard any response from her . would you like for me to wait until i hear from maureen or should i go ahead and proceed in changing her title ? i just want to make sure that gwen is in the right peer group during prc .  also , i am going to try and set up a meeting with you next week through shirley to discuss any buring issues that you are experiencing , and your expectations during prc .  thanks ,  anne
HAM Subject: ou trip  we will be meeting for dinner at legends restaurant at 5 : 00 pm with ted  jacobs , tim rasnic , and some of the students from the jc penney  leadership and energy management program . following the dinner , we will  proceed to the presentation at the oklahoma memorial union in  the scholars / associates room located on the third floor and the program will  start at 8 : 00 pm . jody crook will introduce the presentation and  then steve venturatos who will talk about his career and how he has  transitioned from land man to an enron director . i will facilitate the  discussion  and pass the questions to the team . a social will follow the discussion and  last until approximately 10 : 00 pm . i will have a rent car for the group and  take everyone to and from the dinner , presentation , airport , etc . i will be  in the office all day today and until 11 : 00 am tomorrow if anybody has any  questions or concerns . thank you for your help .  george hope
HAM Subject: thomas knudsen  all  i ' ve been informed by thomas knudsen that he no longer wishes to pursue his  application to join our research group .  steve
HAM Subject: re : copper curve  ted ,  i agree . curve review has always been rac responsibility . please , let me know  if we can assist you in any way .  vince  from : ted murphy  10 / 29 / 2000 10 : 23 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : copper curve  tani ,  please touch base with lloyd fleming as to whom from rac should review the  methodology . i view that it is the commercial team ' s responsibility to post  the curve , operations responsibility to gather objective information on the  efficacy of the curve on a ( minimum ) monthly basis and report all highly  sensitive curves , rac will not approve or disapprove a curve but question  methodology / motivations and subsequent changes and do so in a senior  management forum ( i . e . , we will tell on those who have suspect curves or  curve movements ) . obviously , we are looking for the best estimate of the  value of those products in those time buckets today , we also favor object ,  consistent application of methodoology intra and inter commodity .  ted  vince j kaminski  10 / 27 / 2000 04 : 18 pm  to : tani nath / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , tim  poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect , harry tefoglou / lon / ect @ ect , esther  gerratt / lon / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : copper curve  tani ,  no problem . we shall look at the curve on monday . i have organized a small  team to examine  the curve from different perspectives .  curve validation is normally a rac prerogative and i shall get them involved  on monday  vince  tani nath  10 / 27 / 2000 11 : 40 am  to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , tim  poullain - patterson , harry tefoglou / lon / ect @ ect , esther gerratt / lon / ect @ ect  subject : copper curve  following steve ' s note to you earlier today , i wanted to mention that we have  a fairly urgent need for review of the copper curve in particular , as there  is a deal due for final pricing in the next few days .  i am not sure what data you have received from enron metals in london , so i  am asking tim poullain - patterson to ensure that you have the curves and the  economic justification proposed as soon as possible . please direct any  questions to him or to harry tefoglou . i will be in the tokyo office next  week , but available via e - mail .  thanks in advance for your assistance ,  tani
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ;  start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011416 . txt
HAM Subject: mirant 4 / 01  we invoiced mirant americas for deal 705989 and they do not see the deal in their system . it was for 5 , 000 / day from 4 / 1 - 4 / 2 at 5 . 10 on pg & e texas . can you tell me who you did this deal with at mirant ?  megan
HAM Subject: march business - meter 6490 - help  no deal for march or april 2000 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . but i have flow . . . . . in  march a total of 3804 flowed ( delivery ) and for april it ' s averaging about  100 / day as a delivery . in february this was on the 213 contract , deal  # 83088 as a receipt at this delivery meter . do we have a deal at this city  gate to sell palacios this gas ?  thanks ! ! !  charlotte
HAM Subject: karthik rajan  shirley ,  we interviewed by phone karthik and would now like to bring him for a visit  to enron . can you either arrange it or forward to hr for them to arrange ,  whichever is best . while here karthik should probably talk with  zimin , paulo , bob , vasant , krishna , vince  and anyone else vince wants to add to the list .  thanks ,  stinson  his resume is attached below . his phone # is 765 494 2181 .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2001  03 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  chonawee supatgiat @ enron  03 / 08 / 2001 03 : 39 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : phone interview with karthik  attached is karthik resume .  his transcript is in http : / / atom . ecn . purdue . edu / ~ krajan / friends /  login is : k _ rajan  password is : donl 23  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on  03 / 08 / 2001 03 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  chonawee supatgiat  02 / 28 / 2001 07 : 09 pm  to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : phone interview with karthik  please let me know if you guys available sometimes next tuesday or wednesday  late afternoon or evening .  zimin , karthik is a chem eng student at purdue . he found me from www and  contacted me for job opportunities . attached is his resume .  - chonawee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on  02 / 28 / 2001 07 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " karthik rajan " on 02 / 28 / 2001 09 : 41 : 56 pm  to :  cc :  subject : re : opportunities in enron  hi chonawee supatgiat ,  nice to hear from you . next week would be ideal for me too . tuesday or  wednesday late afternoons / evenings would be ideal for me .  my number is 765 532 3182 .  looking forward to talking to you , stinson and zimin .  thanks ,  karthik .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from :  to : " karthik rajan "  sent : wednesday , february 28 , 2001 3 : 48 pm  subject : re : opportunities in enron  >  > hi karthik ,  > stinson , zimin , and i would like to speak with you over the phone . when  > will be a good time ? we are thinking about sometimes next week . stinson  > and zimin are also in the research group .  > - chonawee  >
HAM Subject: iafe membership  a membership renewal form was faxed to you on 11 / 28 / 00 for vince kaminski .  we requested a " full " membership at the practitioner level for $ 165 . 00 and  it was charged to mr . kaminski ' s credit card .  would you please verify that you received this form ?  thank you .  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 12 / 07 / 2000  03 : 32 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  12 / 07 / 2000 10 : 40 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : iafe membership  shirley ,  please , renew my membership .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 07 / 2000  10 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  main @ iafe . org on 12 / 05 / 2000 03 : 47 : 45 pm  to :  cc :  subject : iafe membership  dear colleague :  we are pleased to report that we had a very exciting and productive year  with dozens of activities around the world . as we enter our 10 th year of  operations , the iafe has additional membership options available to you .  please take a moment to look at the attached membership form with the 2001  rate schedule . based on member requests , a premium membership is now being  offered that includes the annual conference at a 30 % discount , the financial  engineer of the year dinner , plus a subscription to the journal of  derivatives ( jod ) . the full membership remains as in previous years . the new  regular membership includes all membership benefits except jod . membership  is based on the calendar year january 1 - december 31 , 2001 .  membership is also available on our secured membership registration form at  our website http : / / www . iafe . org / about / join . ihtml . while on our website ,  please take a moment to visit our calendar listing upcoming events for the  new year .  if you have any questions please don ' t hesitate to contact me at  main @ iafe . org .  regards ,  donna jacobus  iafe office manager  - 2001 membership application . pdf
HAM Subject: re : allegheny closing  louise ,  i just spoke with ben and gave him some of the details .  don  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by don miller / hou / ect on 04 / 06 / 2001 03 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  to : don miller / hou / ect @ ect  cc : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : allegheny closing  thanks for the note . the concern was not over the timing of the receipt of funds but rather a comment which implied that allegheny needed to raise the funds through an equity offering . is that a fair characterization and , if so , do you have any concerns over allegheny ' s short term access to capital ( i . e . what is their funding strategy if the equity markets continue to be rocky ) . my concern is heightened by the bankruptcy filing of pcg which will most likely create a fair amount of volatility through the utility sector .  i appreciate your thoughts .  thanks ,  ben  don miller  04 / 06 / 2001 09 : 03 am  to : ben glisan / hou / ect @ ect  cc : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  subject : allegheny closing  ben ,  i have heard through the grape vine that concerns were raised this morning at your staff meeting about the allegheny closing . just to clarify , we have set may 3 , 2001 as the closing date . on that date we should receive $ 1 , 028 , 000 . 00 plus $ 10 - 15 million for reimbursement of some cost associated with a build out of a sub station .  let me know if you have any other questions .  regards ,  don  
HAM Subject: open season results  we will have a meeting on thursday , nov . 30 from 10 : 30 - 11 am to discuss the  results of the open season . we ' ll meet in steve ' s office .  lorraine
HAM Subject: confirmcorp info  see the comment below on williams ' confirmation site . sounds similar to what  we are proposing on cl . one question i ' m exploring right now is whether we  could save more money from an enron perspective and achieve greater  marketability with the model that confirmcorp proposes with automated  matching vs . the commodity logic / williams approach that depends on users  reviewing / approving confirms ( we ' ve simply put the current process online so  to speak ) . we need to push for a more radical change / improvement on a faster  timeline . i still believe confirms is the correct area to be focusing on ,  as i mentioned in our meeting with louise , but we need to seriously review  what we propose to deliver and how . is confirmcorp a viable company to bring  under the enron umbrella ?  i think we should be concerned that late entry with less functionality will  erode our ability to sign up customers . i don ' t think each large marketer  will want to log in to several sites to clear their confirmations with each  of their large counterparties .  can we find out if williams has further plans for their service that would  compete with commodity logic ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 11 / 07 / 2000  03 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " chris papousek " on 11 / 07 / 2000 11 : 10 : 15 am  please respond to  to :  cc :  subject : confirmcorp info  dear ron :  i recently sent you information relating to confirmcorp via fedex . i trust  you have received it by now . if you have any questions , please do not  hesitant to call . i will follow up with you in one week .  regards ,  chris papousek  president , confirmation clearing corporation  ( 713 ) 526 - 3000  ps williams energy just came out with " williams customerfirst " , a website  that contains all their confirmations . while eliminating faxes , this puts  the onus of verification on the counterparty and assumes there is a  confirmation staff on the other end to do the checkout . confirmcorp will  make even this advanced approach obsolete .
HAM Subject: an opportunity to change your electricity provider  electricity deregulation is coming to texas !  what a great way to start off the new year - to be able to choose your electricity provider , which could mean potential savings for you and your family on your electric bill . as you know , enron has been a leader in lobbying for deregulation and a consumer ' s right to choose energy providers .  for the first time in our state ' s history , 5 percent of texas households will have this golden opportunity . the newpower company ( newpower ) , which is approximately 45 percent owned by enron , was recently formed to provide energy and energy - related services to residential customers in deregulating energy markets across america , including texas . for a limited time , houston - based employees will be eligible to participate in newpower ' s pilot program offering their deregulated electric service .  be among the first to participate :  enrollment with newpower begins march 12 . also , watch for a special enron employees exclusive offer on your desk march 12 . if you would like more information about newpower , visit the company ' s web site at www . newpower . com  disclaimers :  any contract for goods or services that is entered into by an enron employee with respect to the newpower program shall be solely between newpower and such employee . enron assumes no obligation on behalf of newpower and makes no representations , warranties , or guaranties with respect to newpower , or any goods or services offered or provided by newpower .
HAM Subject: deal 83389  fyi  i added meter 987195 to the above deal for august 1999 to clean up a strangers gas issue for clem . no deal volume was put in , i just needed the point to show up in unify for volume managment to assign a track id .  mike
HAM Subject: fw : executed amendments update  fyi  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : joyner , tamera  sent : monday , october 29 , 2001 5 : 17 pm  to : oxley , david  subject : executed amendments update  attached is a list of the all the executed amendments we ' ve received so far . thanks .  ? arnold , john d  ? arora , harpreet s  ? badeer , robert t  ? belden , timothy n  ? benson , robert c  ? black , donald w  ? brawner , sandra f  calger , christopher f  ? davies , derek j  ? davis jr , mark d  ? ermis , frank j  ? herndon , rogers  ? lagrasta , fred  ? lewis , andrew h  maggi , michael j  ? martin , thomas a  ? may , lawrence j  ? milnthorp , phillip robson  ? motley , matthew h  ? presto , kevin m  ? richter , jeffrey s  ? schwieger , james e  ? shively , hunter  ? storey , geoffrey c  sturm , fletcher j  ? swerzbin , michael j  thomas , jacob  ? tycholiz , barry  ? zufferli , john a  tamera m . joyner  enron wholesale services  staff - compensation  713 - 345 - 4526
HAM Subject: mid year reviews turned in  sally ,  as of this hour , i ' ve received 86 % of the evaluations for mid - year . there  are only 56 remaining to be executed . below is the updated spreadsheet .  hgm
HAM Subject: re : i am zhendong  zhendong ,  thanks . please , send me your updated resume as well .  vince  zhendong xia on 04 / 11 / 2001 09 : 14 : 01 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : i am zhendong  hi , dr . kaminski :  i am zhendong , the student of dr . deng . i think dr . deng has sent my  resume to you . i am very happy to have an opportunity to work with you  this summer .  i am a student in both ms qcf and ph . d eda programs in georgia tech  now . i plan to find a job in industry instead of academic after my  graduation . so i intend to do internship during the process of prusuing my  degree to acquire some experience for my future career .  i hope to start on 5 / 14 / 2001 and end on 8 / 17 / 2001 .  thanks a lot .  zhendong xia  georgia institute of technology  school of industrial and systems engineering  email : dengie @ isye . gatech . edu  dengie @ sina . com  tel : ( h ) 404 - 8975103  ( o ) 404 - 8944318
HAM Subject: presto continues to push good people away . this is your marcello problem . make sure kevin takes zipper . its a good fit .  
HAM Subject: mark lay  vince : mark had not received my email so simply assumed that i had a  business plan and he would help if he could . i explained that i was at  the " pre " business plan stage . further , that i had hoped to discuss my  search for collaborators to become co - founders . people with vision that  might help develop and refine the concept , identify model components ,  isolate modules for the initial effort and build a business plan  suitable for angel investors not vcs . i might need your help in  conveying this to him . i have struggled to put on paper a very rough  draft of how it might be best describe as to the direction it might go  and what might conceptually be possible . please look at this and tell  me if i am going too far at this point . i do not want to implant  insurmountable obstacle in anyone ' s mind . i hope to hear from you . al  arfsten 713 965 2158  - lifetrak concept 012501 . doc
HAM Subject: re : choosing the riskfree rate  dear all ,  i completeley agree with ben that treasuries are the most liquid and reliable  benchmarks . i also think that fmas have their own advantages and  disadvantages .  however , it looks like it would be very difficult for us to avoid using libor  as benchmark - at least to price anything related to capital markets ( for  example , credit default swaps ) . our prices will always be different from  that on capital markets if we use benchmarks different from the market .  as a half - way solution we can have different benchmarks - for example , use  anything , that we decide is closest to risk - free , to value products  significantly different from that priced on capital markets , and libor for  everything priced on capital markets .  we can adjust by manipulating other coefficients ( event , liquidity ,  recovery ) for our purposes , but it looks like benchmark should be libor .  to avoid negative default probabilites ( for highly rated reference entities )  we can add cost fo repo and haircuts ( as all bankers do ) .  let us continue our discussion on this .  slava  benjamin parsons  13 / 03 / 2000 20 : 07  to : bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect , martin mcdermott / lon / ect @ ect , viacheslav  danilov / lon / ect @ ect , stuart ffoulkes / lon / ect @ ect , eklavya sareen / lon / ect @ ect ,  tomas valnek / lon / ect @ ect , john metzler / lon / ect @ ect , simon brooks / lon / ect @ ect ,  konstantin malinovski / lon / ect @ ect  cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven  leppard / lon / ect @ ect , jitendra patel / lon / ect @ ect , william s  bradford / hou / ect @ ect , harry arora / hou / ect @ ect  subject : choosing the riskfree rate  dear all ,  following on from the discussions had with vince et al a few weeks ago ,  regarding the problems inherent in using treasuries as our benchmark riskfree  curve , i ' ve written the attached short document . my preliminary conclusions  are as follows :  recent turmoil in the treasury market mostly hit 10 and 30 - year bonds .  treasuries are still the most liquid curve , and that used by banks for  benchmarking risky debt .  there is a considerable a liquidity / scarcity premium inherent within the  corporate - treasury spread , which we are not taking into account . more  accurate measurement of this premium should allow us to calculate bankruptcy  prices based on treasuries , which are consistent with the market .  all further comments are welcome of course .  regards  ben
HAM Subject: 7 th noms  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 01 / 06 / 2000  10 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 01 / 06 / 2000 10 : 26 : 49 am  to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : 7 th noms  ( see attached file : egmnom - jan . xls )  - egmnom - jan . xls
HAM Subject: ercot orig - sepol ytd  pretty much correct . actual is :  curry $ 20 , 439 , 468  sukaly $ 0 ( somehow 4 midmarketing deals i did got credited to sukaly so i moved the $ 27 , 602 to me ! )  ahn $ 12 , 181 ( associate )  jester $ 10 , 000 ( just started in group a couple of months ago )  doug gilbert - smith supported me from the trading side to help get the wind deal done and he has been paid 50 % of its value $ 18 mm . no one else was working with me on the wind deal other than support groups . portz in legal was instrumental in getting the contract done with enron wind . edith cross and greg trefz in structuring also pulled long nights to get the deal approved .  thanks , - mike
HAM Subject: eastrans november first of the month nominations  effective 11 / 1 / 00 deliveries to eastrans is 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy  the redeliveries will be :  7200 from fuels cotton valley  22800 to pg & e
HAM Subject: re : authorised traders : montreal & chicago  bjorn  as discussed , given joe ' s comments below , a note to confirm that this being  dealt with internally .  rob soeldner has made it clear to joe that :  enron places great importance on trading controls . these are non - negotiatable .  the suggested course of action is not an option  we aren ' t seeking to close any of the agency offices given implemetation of  these controls .  joe is not in yet - rob will be discussing with him further when the us gets  in .  of note - joe is on the commercial side , marcelo parra who is responsible  for the operational side is fully onboard for the operational changes made .  regards  andy  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by andrew cornfield / lon / ect on 09 / 11 / 2000  11 : 07 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  joe robertson @ mgusa  08 / 11 / 2000 20 : 38  to : tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect  cc : andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect , marcelo  parra / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , michael farmer / eu / enron @ enron @ ect , naomi  connell / lon / ect @ ect , robert soeldner / lon / ect @ ect , sam  hainsworth / eu / enron @ enron @ ect  subject : re : authorized traders : montreal & chicago  as a practical matter the procedures outlined are not workable . we need to  find a way to go forward that works and can satisfy all concerned .  either the people in these offices can be entrusted to transact and execute  business or we should consider closing these offices and relocating some of  the people which i do not believe makes any sense at all .  joseph e . robertson , jr .  enron metals & commodity corp .  520 madison avenue  28 th floor  new york , ny 10022  tel : 212 . 715 . 5254  fax : 212 . 715 - 2357  e - mail : joe . robertson @ enron . com
HAM Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 3 / 19 / 01  we agree  " eileen ponton " on 03 / 20 / 2001 10 : 05 : 59 am  to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa  jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com  cc :  subject : noms / actual flow for 3 / 19 / 01  date nom mcf mmbtu  3 / 19 / 01 60 , 000 59 , 944 61 , 562  btu = 1 . 027
HAM Subject: re : 2001 headcount information  dawn :  here it is !  dawn derr @ enron  07 / 07 / 2000 10 : 45 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : 2001 headcount information  shirley ,  get it to me as soon as you can . thanks .  dawn  shirley crenshaw @ ect  07 / 07 / 2000 09 : 11 am  to : dawn derr / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : 2001 headcount information  dawn :  i apologize , i have not been able to pin vince down . however , he did take  it with him this morning ( he will be in prc meetings all day . ) and i told him \  you needed it yesterday .  i hope it is not too late . let me know .  thanks  shirley  dawn derr @ enron  07 / 05 / 2000 04 : 09 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : 2001 headcount information  shirley ,  i need the headcount information for vince ' s group no later than thursday ,  july 6 . let me know if this is a problem .  dawn
HAM Subject: powerisk 2000 - october 3 rd - 6 th - paris  dear mr kaminski  i am delighted to say that the printed conference brochure is now available  and our logistics team will be mailing them out , along with the speaker  guideline packs ( including information on hotel discounts etc ) , in the next  couple of weeks . you will also no doubt receive copies via our main mailing  campaign .  in the interim , please find attached a shortened pdf copy of the conference  brochure for your perusal . ( i did not want to send you the complete 12 pages  as it would clog up your email ! ) the full colour version can be found on our  website at www . icbi . uk . com / powerisk  i hope you agree that the speaker plenum and line - up of topics is possibly  one of the best ever and not surprisingly the event is already drawing strong  international interest . in particular the executive summit day on e - business  and power trading is taking numerous bookings . i would be happy for you to  attend either the summit day or one of our two intensive post conference  workshops , but in order to avoid overcrowding on the day ask that all  reservations be made in advance .  i am certain that you have friends or colleagues who would be interested in  attending the conference this year , and would like to ask that you email the  enclosed details to them . to make things easy , i have attached a booking form  which should be faxed to + 44 20 7915 5101 . icbi would be happy to offer a 10 %  discount on registrations received through speaker recommendations .  finally for any enquiries relating to travel or hotel matters please contact  our logistics manager clare capel on + 44 20 7915 5198 . of course for any  programme related issues , please drop me an email or call me on + 44 20 7915  5194 .  i look forward to seeing you in october for what promises to be excellent and  informative week .  kind regards  rosemary fitzgerald  director , powerisk 2000  + 44 20 7915 5194  fax : + 44 20 7915 5101  email : rosef @ icbi . co . uk  !  - poweriska 300 . pdf  - speakerreg . doc
HAM Subject: hello all :  please send an email to : ibuyit @ enron . com stating that you are approver  of invoices as requested in the email below .  thanks !  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 17 / 2001 07 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : ibuyit / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 16 / 2001 05 : 20 pm  to : dl - ibuyit payables - all @ / o = enron / ou = na / cn = recipients / cn = dl - ibuyitpayables - all @ ex @ enronxgate  cc : john gill / eu / enron @ enron , erin abdelnour / enron @ enronxgate , shelley robbins / enron @ enronxgate , sally mcadams / enron @ enronxgate , joe cuccia / enron @ enronxgate , judy knepshield / enron _ development @ enron _ development  subject :  thank you for identifying yourself as a future ibuyit payables user ! the ibuyit project team wants to make sure that your receive the information , tools , and support that you need to successfully transition to the new system on may lst .  ibuyit payables training for houston - based coders  overview sessions will be held this week , monday through thursday , at the doubletree hotel , nautile room , at 9 : 00 am and 2 : 00 pm . these one - hour sessions will provide you with a demonstration of the system and an opportunity to ask questions about the new system . no registration is necessary .  hands - on classroom training will begin next week . these sessions will provide you with the opportunity to complete real - life exercises in the system . please contact the isc registrar to register .  ibuyit payables training for field - based coders  don ' t worry ! we have not forgotten about you ! on - line materials will be available beginning next week via the integrated solution center document library at . materials will include an overview of the system and step - by - step instructions . you will receive an e - mail with links to these materials next week .  ibuyit payables approvers  we need your help to identify future ibuyit approvers . please encourage the people that approve your invoices to identify themselves as future ibuyit users by sending an email with their name , e - mail address , and whether they code or approve invoices to > . on - line materials for approvers will be available beginning next week via the integrated solution center document library at . materials will include an overview of the system and step - by - step instructions . identified approvers will receive an e - mail with links to these materials next week .  questions ? send an e - mail to >  
HAM Subject: open enrollment 2001  open enrollment 2001 is going on now through october 22 nd , 5 pm cst for  regular full - time and regular part - time employees . your 2000 elections will  automatically rollover for 2001 , so if you don  , t want to make any changes , do  absolutely nothing ! annual elections for all flexible spending accounts will  rollover too ! yes , you heard right  ) all 2000 elections will automatically  rollover for 2001 , including spending accounts !  to make it even more convenient , print your 2001 confirmation statement right  from the web site and you  , re finished ! sound easy ? it is ! don  , t have your  packet ? no problem ! you can access the enrollment 2001 web site and print  your personal worksheet right from your desktop . call benefits at  1 - 800 - 332 - 7979 , option 1 , for additional information or assistance .  confirmation statements will be mailed to your home at the end of october and  final changes for 2001 can be made via the web or ivr from 11 / 8 - 11 / 15 .  logon to www . enron . benefitsnow . com today !  quick facts  ? 100 % default for all current elections and spending accounts  ) don  , t want  to make a change ?  then do absolutely nothing  ) your 2000 annual election will rollover for  2001 !  ? $ 250 medical deductible plan for employees residing outside of a network  area  ? hmo plans going away  )  coventry health care of iowa ( formerly known as principal health care )  presbyterian health plan  healthnet of oregon ( formerly known as qual / med )  blue shield of california  ? orthodontia treatment is not considered a pre - existing condition under the  enron corp . dental plan .  the plan will coordinate with other coverage based on coordination of  benefit ( cob ) rules .  ( contact metlife at 1 - 800 - 492 - 8588 for specific details and information )  ? new hires who make their 2000 elections by 10 / 16 will receive their 2001  packets the first week of  november for enrollment during 11 / 8 - 11 / 15 ; elections not in by 10 / 16 will  require a manual enrollment  for 2000 and 2001 and must be made within 31 days of their hire date  ? provider directories can be accessed directly from the enrollment 2001 web  site or - 1 ) link directly  to the providers through the hr / benefits intranet website or 2 ) go directly  to the source by logging  on through the web at :  www . cigna . com www . vsp . com  www . provider . uhc . com / enron www . merck - medco . com
HAM Subject: ben zhang timeframe  hi ,  can and should we organize a tag - team baby sitting detail ? aghh ! another  weekend that is not my own !  grant .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 09 / 14 / 2000 08 : 51  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : toni graham @ enron 09 / 13 / 2000 05 : 08 pm  to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : ben zhang timeframe  grant , what do you think ? if you really want this guy , you may suggest  someone in your group to " entertain " them while they are here .  what do you think ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by toni graham / corp / enron on 09 / 13 / 2000  04 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  meastman @ qualitec . com on 09 / 13 / 2000 02 : 05 : 53 pm  to :  cc :  subject : ben zhang timeframe  toni ,  i spoke with ben today and he is planning to pay for a trip to bring his  wife to houston this weekend and show her around in hopes of overcoming her  hesitiation on moving . his question is whether enron will give him the time  to bring her down here and then give an answer next week ? if you will let  me know how you , grant , and vince feel about that .  thanks ,  mike  qualitec professional services , lp  accounting - financial - energy risk - tax  search consultants  mike eastman , cpc  president  281 - 647 - 9300 fax 281 - 647 - 0933  email - meastman @ qualitec . com
HAM Subject: enron / hpl actuals for august 11 - 13 , 2000  august 11 , 2000  teco tap 108 . 333 / hpl iferc ; 20 . 000 / enron  ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron  august 12 , 2000  teco tap 85 . 000 / hpl iferc ; 20 . 000 / enron  ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron  august 13 , 2000  teco tap 32 . 500 / hpl iferc ; 20 . 000 / enron
HAM Subject: texas finance festival registration  the attached is the registration form and information for the texas finance  festival which will be held on april 7 - 8 , 2000 in san antonio .  cindy  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cindy justice / hou / ect on 01 / 06 / 2000 08 : 35  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " john d . martin " on 01 / 03 / 2000 10 : 23 : 21 am  to : cindy justice / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : good morning !  cindy ,  i tried to send this out earlier and it bounced back . hope it makes it  this time .  john  - announcerev . doc  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html
HAM Subject: re : lst rev mar . 2000 josey ranch nom  it started with 12 , 036 on the first and has slowly droped to 10 , 483 on the  12 th . pretty steady drop .
HAM Subject: " project doorstep " target date  have you had an opportunity to meet with mark taylor on this ? if so , can you  provide me with an update ?  thanks  peggy  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by peggy hedstrom / cal / ect on 07 / 05 / 2000  12 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  rob milnthorp  06 / 30 / 2000 08 : 38 am  to : peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : " project doorstep " target date  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rob milnthorp / cal / ect on 06 / 30 / 2000 07 : 38  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  donna lowry  06 / 30 / 2000 12 : 01 am  sent by : michael neves  to : rob milnthorp / cal / ect @ ect  cc : richard lauer / hou / ect @ ect , donna lowry / hou / ect @ ect , sally  beck / hou / ect @ ect , rick l carson / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , john  sorrells / aa / corp / enron @ enron  subject : " project doorstep " target date  the target date specified in an open audit observation has been reached .  click on the document link below to view the observation / action step ( s ) .  please provide action step implementation detail along with completion date  and submit return response to donna lowry . if you should have any questions  relating to this audit , please call the observation contact listed in the  following observation ( document link ) . thank you . note : each e - mail  represents a separate audit observation .  click on this link to view document - - >
HAM Subject: carlos alatorre assignment letter  louise ,  attached please find for your review the assignment letter for carlos alatorre which has been approved by hr and myself . let me know if you have any questions or comments , otherwise when i get your okay we will sign carlos up and make it official .  thanks ,  steve
HAM Subject: re : agenda for vc  craig ,  thanks for your email regarding tomorrow ' s houston / london videoconference .  attached is an updated spreadsheet which elaborates upon the issues amitava  and i will discuss tomorrow .  regards ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : chaney , craig  sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 2 : 34 pm  to : kirkpatrick , eric ; salmon , scott ; cruver , brian ; dhar , amitava ; mack ,  iris ; mumford , mike ; detiveaux , kim  subject : agenda for vc  folks ,  here were some of the things i thought would be useful we could discuss :  status and schedule on data aquistion : iris and mike  riskcalc testing : methodology , criteria , and schedule : iris and amitava  model development : which model are going be developed and when : iris and  amitava  feel free to add to the agenda .  craig
HAM Subject: re : uk gas late deal input and deal booking errors - ol . 1 m hit  sorry to hear about this one .  i have some observations to make from my reading ( and re - reading ) of the  account :  1 it looks like the old " undue influence " problem again . it seems some  attempts were made by operations to follow up , but nothing happened .  we tell our operations staff they have an obligation to dissent but we don ' t  have any way to protect them if they do - there is still the fear that if  they upset a trader they can get fired or held back in their career . and that  is because twice a year , at the prc , that can happen . this incident shows  some of these attributes .  for the operations process to be effective there has to be ( and be seen to  be ) little significant influence from commercial groups over the ranking of  the operations staff .  2 whoever signed off the new deal lists in the dpr should be asked to confirm  the basis on which they signed it .  3 why wait for the traders to approve payments to brokers ? brokerage is in  the p & l and if operations are satisfied the trades are accurate and brokerage  is at the agreed rate , they should simply pay the brokerage .  4 two weeks to check telephone tapes is unacceptable - it should be done same  day . i would not have waited for the traders to do it , but i would want to  know why it took them so long .  5 given that these ( short ) trades were absent from the portfolio during a  highly volatile period of rising prices , i would wonder about motivation in  addressing the position during this time . essentially , if it had been correct  we would have been reporting losses bigger than the ones we did .  i would pursue explanations to points 2 , 4 and 5 .  dp  fernley dyson @ ect  06 / 12 / 2000 02 : 41 am  to : james new / lon / ect @ ect  cc : richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , robert  yeo / lon / ect @ ect , gail hill / lon / ect @ ect , ian sloman / lon / ect @ ect , steve w  young / lon / ect @ ect , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , brent a  price / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : uk gas late deal input and deal booking errors - ol . 1 m hit  james ,  thanks for the note . as described , this is an intolerable situation . i agree  your action points , but we need timelines and quantitative measures of  compliance / improvement - please could you provide a weekly update on this  area specifically and until we are satisfied that things are as they should  be .  on a more general note - let ' s ensure that the ' global standards ' address the  lapses in timely action / follow - up identified here so that we can monitor  performance across the business .  fernley  james new  09 / 06 / 2000 10 : 03  to : richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , mike  jordan / lon / ect @ ect  cc : robert yeo / lon / ect @ ect , gail hill / lon / ect @ ect , ian sloman / lon / ect @ ect  subject : uk gas late deal input and deal booking errors - ol . 1 m hit  on the 7 th of june gas risk management became aware that two ' late ' trades had  been entered into the gas trader ' s ' blue book ' which were both being booked  significantly late and had a material negative p & l impact ( negative ol . 1 m ) .  the ' late ' deals were done on the 3 rd of february ( marcello romano ) and the  30 th of march ( haakon olafson ) and were both forward starting sells for  periods in 2003 - 2004 .  background  1 ) input errors  for some considerable time we have been concerned with the number of deal  input errors that have been occurring in the gas area with the most  significant number coming form the uk gas traders . numerous errors have been  found by documentation and risk management over the accuracy and timeliness  of entering deals into the ' blue book ' ( the gas traders are currently the  only traders in europe who do not enter their own trades into the valuation  system - there is currently a big push to change this which has the support  of john sherriff with a deadline date of 31 july ) .  in the past documentation and gas risk management have repeatedly highlighted  booking errors to the gas traders but the error rate has not fallen . a log of  all deal input errors has been formally maintained since the beginning of may  which highlights an error rate of 12 % - 15 % of non eol trades . this has been  discussed with richard lewis and corrective action is expected .  2 ) deal booking and reconciliation process ( non eol trades )  deals are initially written into the ' blue book ' by the gas traders when the  deal is done . this book is photocopied several times a day and the deals are  the manually input into gasdesk by documentation on the same day .  faxed broker statements are received ( usually ) by documentation the next day  and these are reconciled to gasdesk with errors and amendments made by  documentation liasing with the traders as necessary . at this time brokers  were faxing one statement per trade ( relevant later ) .  3 ) new deal sign off  as part of the daily dpr process a separate new deal sheet is prepared and is  signed off by the traders to formally agree the new deals done on the day and  the implied origination p invoice received before 15 march as settlements  started checking it . ( keren perrott - settlements started on 13 march )  discrepancies sent to documentation on 23 may ( chris ware to emma thomson )  traders contacted on 24 may after copy of broker confirm was sent on 22 may  as requested by documentation to prove deal .  deal entered 6 june after traders checked the tapes .  ieb broker - np trade on 30 mar 2000  trader haakon  ieb invoice date 6 april ; invoice received before 27 april as settlements  started checking it . ( keren perrott )  discrepancies sent to documentation on 23 may ( chris ware to robert vaughn )  traders contacted on 24 may after copy of broker confirm was requested .  deal entered 6 june after traders checked the tapes .  who was at fault and where did the control break down ?  i do not feel it is constructive to try to attach blame for what happened but  there are lessons to be learned and general observations and conclusions that  can be made and drawn .  firstly there are major concerns over the gas trader ' s accuracy and  prioritisation of booking trades . despite numerous conversations on the  subject very little improvement has been seen . it has now got to the stage  where documentation are formally recording all errors including what the  error was and who made it . this is now being communicated to richard lewis  every two weeks with the aim being not only to reduce the amount of time  trade support spend correcting errors and re running dprs but also to try to  avoid the incidence of errors such as this . the current error rate is 12 % -  15 % of non eol trades . documentation currently estimate that in 9 times out  of 10 the broker or counterparty are correct .  secondly around a month ago we contacted brokers and asked for them to  provide us with one statement per day rather than one per deal which will  eliminate any lost statements or missed deals as it will be immediately  obvious when a statement from a broker has not arrived . most brokers have now  changed but one or two still send one statement per trade . reconciliation ' s  of these daily statements to gasdesk are evidenced .  thirdly it has been impressed on both documentation and settlements to follow  up more vigorously ( and by mail ) errors and omissions on a more timely basis .  there is however a backlog or broker invoices which have have been checked by  settlements but have nto been checked or approved by the traders . this is  causing concern at the brokers who are chasing payment .  action points  trading  traders to input their own deals directly into gasdesk  traders to improve their accuracy of deal booking  traders to approve invoices on a more timely basis  trade support  settlements to clear backlog of broker invoices  documentation to chase brokers to send daily deal statements not individual  deal statements  all follow ups to be evidenced with mails used as appropriate  documentation to check all trades since the beginning of the year versus the  broker records  documentation to perform a reconciliation with all counterparties to agree  our forward position from july 2000 to september 2006 ( the traded part of the  curve )
HAM Subject: password for access to tw deal profitability / analysis  here is the password to get into the tw deal profitability / analysis tools : i . d . : kchow , password : kctwl . please forward this to all appropriate personnel . if you would like me to demo this with you please give me a call 5 - 3413 .  thanks  kim kouri
HAM Subject: physical curve mappings _ sitara  hey gang ,  attached are the physical curve mappings as provided by russ severson . . . please take a peek and let us know if we need to change , add / delete , update any points / mappings going forward in a netco environment . . . for instance , i would like to change texoma to carthage on the curve mappings . . . also , i would like to delete all derived curves , leaving only carthage , katytailgate , and agua dulce .  the other physical locations would be shipchannel , waha and katy ( non - tailgate ) . . . let me know your thoughts . . . o ' neal 3 - 9686
HAM Subject: union carbide - seadrift  daren  sitara # 415267 @ meter # 1332 - look like they ' ll be taking 10 , 000 / d at best  for the rest of the month - problems with their gas turbine , they are waiting  on ge to fix it which will take several weeks  lee
HAM Subject: california update 4 / 27 / 01  the following report contains confidential and sensitive information . please treat with discretion .  executive summary :  ? ferc price cap decision reflects bush political and economic objectives . politically , bush is determined to let the crisis blame fall on davis ; from an economic perspective , he is unwilling to create disincentives for new power generation  ? davis finds four major flaws with ferc plan , most notably its exclusion of out - of - state generators  ? june lst " kill clause " for ferc order could coincide with new bush regional plan  ? california facing growing fiscal risk following bond downgrade , expected $ 20 billion power bill this summer - - economic crisis would force deeper administration involvement  ? qf bid for advance payments from pg & e likely to fail in bankruptcy court  ? new generation delays probable because of state / qf squabbling  ? consumer groups are preparing a constitutional challenge to socal bailout deal  1 . ferc fallout  the ferc decision is a holding move by the bush administration that looks like action , but is not . rather , it allows the situation in california to continue to develop virtually unabated . the political strategy appears to allow the situation to deteriorate to the point where davis cannot escape shouldering the blame . once they are politically inoculated , the administration can begin to look at regional solutions . moreover , the administration has already made explicit ( and will certainly restate in the forthcoming cheney commission report ) its opposition to stronger price caps on the grounds that they are unwilling to create disincentives to the construction of new generation .  it is interesting and ironic to note that electricity generators were generally happy with the ferc order and that the only ferc commissioner who favors price caps actually voted against this plan .  2 . something less than effective price caps  from davis ' s point of view , the ferc plan has four major flaws :  ? the order applies only to california , not to the rest of the west . non - california generators are not required to sell at capped rates to california .  ? as the order is written , it is more of a price floor for emergency power than a ceiling .  ? state officials also believe that energy suppliers will continue to game the system , because the price mitigation scheme only kicks in after a stage 2 emergency and does not require any collusion .  ? even when the price caps kick in , they are based on the cost - plus for the highest cost producer supplying power to california and do not require wholesalers to abide by the cap . the generators can also charge above the cap , provided they can subsequently justify the excess charge to ferc .  3 . proposal " kill clause " adds to the political dilemma for davis  the ferc proposal includes a " kill clause " that says the caps will be withdrawn unless california ' s iso agrees by june lst to become part of the regional grid now under ferc control . if davis doesn ' t sign on to the regional grid by june lst , then he will have to live with june 2 nd headlines blaming him for letting the " bush price caps plan " collapse .  4 . growing fiscal risk in california  sources speculate that california could therefore pay as much as $ 20 billion on power this summer - this is more than the combined enterprise value of pg & e and sce . these sources believe that , because of the severity of the situation , the ferc and / or the federal government will be forced to take further action to control prices for power .  the consensus is that the state of california will run out of money in about 90 days . one of the first projects to be cancelled will be state plans to finance new power plant construction in exchange for long - term power deals . the bleak fiscal picture is also causing bank creditors to revisit the bridge loans they are providing to california .  the bush administration and the fed are only now waking up to the seriousness of the fiscal picture . the country ' s largest and most prosperous state will have gone from large surpluses to serious debt downgrades and devastating deficits in a matter of months .  5 . qfs to seek advance payment from pg & e  meanwhile , on the bankruptcy front , the qfs reportedly will ask the bankruptcy judge today to give them advance payment from pge ' s accounts , since their natural gas vendors have likewise demanded advance payment for gas . it appears very unlikely that the qfs ' request will be granted . if the qfs do not receive advance payment , it is likely that most of the 4 , 000 mw of gas - fired qf capacity will remain offline .  6 delays likely in new qf generation  the qf deals made with the state for long - term contracts are being continually renegotiated , which is likely to mean that the new plants those contracts are supposed to finance will not be online as early as anticipated .  7 . consumer groups ready to challenge constitutionality of sce bailout plan  harvey rosenfield and his colleagues reportedly have been reviewing an analysis of the mou for the sce bailout plan . the analysis was done by a utilities analyst , rather than a lawyer , though it appears to raise a number of good legal points . for example , one of the elements of the mou is a " non - bypassable " charge on ratepayers that would require them to pay even if they disconnect from the grid . this is effectively a tax , since there is no exchange of value for money , which under the ca constitution cannot be used to directly benefit a private entity . this makes the bonds that would be issued are general obligation bonds , rather than revenue bonds . according to the constitution , the state cannot be put into debt to benefit a private company . for this and other reasons , even if the republicans would vote for the sce bailout , which remains unlikely , the bailout probably would not stand a likely constitutional challenge .  8 . governor hurt by continued failure to disclose long - term power contracts  the issue of the governor ' s failure to disclose the details of the long - term power contracts continues to distress the other players in the crisis . even if he were to disclose everything he and his staff have been negotiating , it is likely that their actions and negotiations will challenged , creating an even further delay .
HAM Subject: re : dram trading authority  vince  thanks - i think this one is fairly hot at the moment - so as soon as you can  get comfortable would be good !  it might be worth spending some time together on it - let me know what you  would prefer  rgds  dp  vince j kaminski @ ect  11 / 08 / 2000 05 : 08 pm  to : david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : dram trading authority  david ,  when do you need my signature . i missed the presentation last tuesday  ( i was sick ) and would like a day or two to review the product .  vince  from : david port @ enron  11 / 08 / 2000 02 : 43 pm  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , robbi rossi / enron communications @ enron  communications , tanya rohauer / hou / ect @ ect , james ginty / enron  communications @ enron communications , kristin albrecht / enron  communications @ enron communications  cc : ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , barry pearce / enron communications @ enron  communications , michael moulton / enron communications @ enron communications  subject : dram trading authority  here is the latest trading request :  specifically it requires the following to get it over the line :  vince , your concurrence with a simplistic var calculation the start - up  period  everybody else , your signatures , or agreement to sign via email  in addition , here is the commercial presentation which wil be attached to the  request on its way to eb 5007  many thanks  dp
HAM Subject: v @ r methodology for metal positions  vince -  it seems like we should be able use mg ' s v @ r methodology as version 1 . a if  the credit component is eliminated and the hold period is conformed to our  one day interval . could we do this and achieve an approximation of where you  want to be with the completion of anjam and tamara ' s work ? when submitting a  request for interim metals trading policy to rick buy and jeff skilling , i ' d  very much like to represent that , while our methodology may be imperfect , we  have ways + means of tracking v @ r right now that will be upgraded to enron  standards in very short order . thoughts ?
HAM Subject: dr . kaminski ,  on wednesday , june 14 th i attended your presentation entitled " the challenge  of valuation of energy related derivatives " at the risk 2000 conference in  boston . can you please e - mail me the slides you presented .  also , you mentioned that the method you used to calculate volatility for  energy prices was not the " normal " method . can you please tell me , or give  me a reference to the method that you did use .  thank you ,  aaron gould  senior risk management analyst  pseg services corporation  aaron . gould @ pseg . com  1 - 973 - 456 - 3527
HAM Subject: additional ring trades  here are additional ring trades where epmi sells to aep , aep sells to allegheny , allegheny to epmi . please let me or tracy know if you have any questions .  thanks ,  chris mumm  enron north america  west power desk  121 sw salmon street 3 wtco 306  portland , oregon 97204  503 . 464 . 8862  503 . 464 . 3740 ( fax )
HAM Subject: enron avails - jan , 2001 revised  fyi  beverly  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 12 / 28 / 2000 10 : 27  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : " victor haley "  12 / 28 / 2000 11 : 24 am  to :  cc :  subject : enron avails - jan , 2001 revised  enron avails - jan , 2001 revised  - enronavailsol 01 . xls
HAM Subject: re : more questions - fw : iso compliance filing on june 19 ferc or  der  thanks for sending your input on price transparency . i will forward this  issue to the group who worked on this filing . send any other  questions / concerns you may have . also , keep in mind that there is a  conference call next week . see attached .  keoni almeida  california independent system operator  phone : 916 / 608 - 7053  pager : 916 / 814 - 7352  alpha page : 9169812000 . 1151268 @ pagenet . net  e - mail :  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : sheidun , donna [ mailto : donna . sheidun @ enron . com ]  sent : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 3 : 21 pm  to : kalmeida @ caiso . com  subject : more questions - fw : iso compliance filing on june 19 ferc  order  importance : high  message - id :  from : " woertz , byron "  sender : " grant , colleen "  reply - to : " woertz , byron "  to : iso market participants  subject : caiso notice - iso compliance filing on june 19 ferc order  date : wed , 11 jul 2001 09 : 45 : 24 - 0700  importance : high  x - priority : 1  mime - version : 1 . 0  x - mailer : internet mail service ( 5 . 5 . 2650 . 21 )  content - type : text / plain ; charset = " iso - 8859 - 1 "  iso market participants :  as you know , on june 19 , the ferc released its " order on rehearing  of monitoring and mitigation plan for the california wholesale electric  markets , establishing west - wide mitigation , and establishing settlement  conference . " since the order was released , market participants have raised  several questions regarding the order . the iso has received several  questions and plans to share those questions and answers with you within the  next few days .  in addition , in compliance with the june 19 ferc order , the iso has  made its compliance filing with ferc . the filing is posted on the iso web  site at http : / / wwwl . caiso . com / pubinfo / ferc / filings / for your review .  the iso will host a conference call from 12 : 00 p . m . to 2 : 00 p . m . pdt  on monday , july 16 to discuss questions you may have regarding the ferc ' s  june 19 order . the details of the call are as follows :  dial - in number : ( 877 ) 381 - 6005  conference id : 1361763  leader : byron woertz  our goal will be to clarify the ways in which the iso is  interpreting and implementing the ferc order and to address other  implementation issues you may have . we do not plan to discuss issues that  are pending or are more appropriately addressed at ferc . if you have  specific questions you would like for us to address , please send them to me  by cob on thursday , july 12 so that we can be better prepared to address  them during the call on monday . if you have any questions , please call or  e - mail me .  byron b . woertz , jr .  director , client relations  ( 916 ) 608 - 7066  ( 800 ) 481 - 7037 - pager
HAM Subject: nytimes . com article : enron paid out ' retention ' bonuses before  bankruptcy filing  this article from nytimes . com  has been sent to you by louise @ enron . com .  / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - advertisement - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \  special offer to ny times customers :  get free shipping on orders of $ 75 or more at starbucks . com  enron paid out ' retention ' bonuses before bankruptcy filing  december 6 , 2001  by richard a . oppel jr . and kurt eichenwald  just days before enron ( news / quote ) filed for bankruptcy  and laid off 4 , 000 people , it paid out $ 55 million in  bonuses to about 500 employees , according to several people  who had dealings with the company .  yesterday evening , an enron spokesman confirmed the  bonuses , describing them as " retention incentives " for  crucial employees . bankruptcy experts said that the  payments were almost certain to be closely scrutinized -  and probably challenged - by enron ' s creditors .  separately , the labor department said yesterday that it had  opened an investigation into how enron managed its  employees ' 401 ( k ) retirement plans . those accounts were  heavily invested in enron shares , and company rules  prohibited many employees from diversifying their holdings .  the labor department said that employees had lost up to 90  percent of the value of their accounts .  " enron ' s employees have gotten the short end of the stick  in the sudden collapse of this company , " said labor  secretary elaine l . chao . enron has said that a temporary  freeze that kept some employees from shifting retirement  investments was long planned and allowed another company to  take over the job of administering the plan .  enron declined to say how much was paid out in bonuses , who  received the money or what the range of payments was .  executives of companies entering bankruptcy defend such  payments as necessary if there is to be any hope of  reorganizing as a going concern . but they often prove to be  incendiary . for example , in 1990 , when it was disclosed  that drexel burnham lambert had paid key executives some  $ 250 million in bonuses before filing for bankruptcy ,  creditors and the government reacted with outrage . in the  end , after court hearings on the issue , the drexel estate  sued the employees to get the money back .  the payments by enron " are substantially high , and that  means it probably does become an issue in the bankruptcy  case , " said james feder , a bankruptcy lawyer with feder &  mills , a law firm in los angeles . " the question might come  up as to whether there was fair consideration given for the  amount of these bonuses and whether they were reasonable  under the circumstances . "  if creditors can convince the court that the employees were  overpaid - or that the payments were made to keep money out  of creditors ' hands , a much more difficult argument to  prove - then the judge can void the payments and order the  money returned , said lynn lopucki , a law professor at the  university of california at los angeles .  to tamp down such disputes , a company typically will file a  request , as part of its bankruptcy filing , to make payments  to certain employees , and not proceed with the payments  until receiving a judge ' s approval , mr . lopucki said .  yesterday , mark palmer , an enron spokesman , defended the  payments as necessary " in order to protect and maintain the  value of the estate . " such payments " are done in every  bankruptcy , " he said , adding that the payments were made to  employees " at all levels of the organization . "  employees who lost their jobs after enron filed for  bankruptcy protection on sunday were told they may receive  no more than $ 4 , 500 in severance pay . they also were told  to petition the bankruptcy court to cash in unused vacation  days .  in another legal slap at enron , a shareholder lawsuit filed  late tuesday accused 29 enron officers and directors of  engaging in " massive insider trading " and making " false and  misleading " statements about the company ' s financial  performance while selling about $ 1 . 1 billion worth of stock  over the last three years .  an enron spokesman declined to comment on the suit , which  was filed by amalgamated bank , which is known to be an  activist shareholder .  how to advertise  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  for information on advertising in e - mail newsletters  or other creative advertising opportunities with the  new york times on the web , please contact alyson  racer at alyson @ nytimes . com or visit our online media  kit at http : / / www . nytimes . com / adinfo  for general information about nytimes . com , write to  help @ nytimes . com .  copyright 2001 the new york times company
HAM Subject: cornhusker contract information  rick ,  attached are completed letters to the parties requested . as you will note  there are two letters to lone star and two letters for apache . since you are  sending these electronically to michael mazowita for him to obtain the  signature of rick vicens , please have copies of the executed letters sent to  sandi braband ' s attention . these letters will have to be printed on  appropriate letterhead and copies sent to the cc ' s at the bottom of each  letter .  if you have any questions , please let me know .  bob walker  sr . legal specialist
HAM Subject: doreen  v -  i spoke with doreen this morning re : our san francisco project . please  forward info to her at  doreen @ magdalinweiss . com  are you up fro brunch at my house on sunday with bill and mary ? kathryn will  be home on midterm break  p -
HAM Subject: fw : updated 2002 corporate assessments - revision # 3  fyi - s . america still needs to be broken out from the egas column . ees wholesale has its own column .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : derr , dawn  sent : tuesday , october 16 , 2001 10 : 27 am  to : geaccone , tracy ; killen , faith ; lee , dana ; massey , rachel ; smith , kirk ; wood , stephen ; copeland , erin ; selzer , howard ; erwin , jill ; pritt , deborah ; stevens , kirk ; schwertner , brian ; galvan , michael s . ; roper , kerry ; myers , thomas ; smith , jeff e . ; ueckert , allen w . ; tran , agatha ; kaster , mei - ling  cc : west , terry  subject : updated 2002 corporate assessments - revision # 3  attached are the latest revised corporate assessments for 2002 . there have been some minor changes but the major update is to the click at home program . remember that the click at home program assesses actual dollars so the numbers included in the spreadsheet are estimates for planning purposes .  please contact me if you have any questions .  dawn  37775
HAM Subject: fw : redmond responsibilities  as brian is away on vacation , i thought you may be able to assist me .  brian redmond does not have responsibilities in his profile for the md prc . i took laura luce ' s profile and changed the region to texas and added tech services . do you think this is appropriate or can you offer any changes ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kanouff , erin  sent : wednesday , july 18 , 2001 1 : 37 pm  to : slone , jeanie  subject : redmond responsibilities  how ' s this ?  " responsible for negotiations , deal structuring and customer coverage for the texas region as well as managing the ena technical services . "
HAM Subject: re : planned pre prc meetings  sally ,  leslie reeves reports that she conducted her pre - prc last week and that she  will be in touch w / you tomorrow to discuss her results .  hgm  from : hector mcloughlin 06 / 06 / 2000 03 : 59 pm  to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : planned pre prc meetings  sally ,  as of this date our assistant tells me that the following pre - prc meetings  are scheduled :  brent price will meet on 6 / 15  brenda herod will meet on 6 / 13  sheila glover stated she will have the meeting ad hoc .  kristin albrecht stated that she had it last week  leslie reeves is not scheduled as of today  others that have scheduled for a pre - prc :  bob supurty will meet on 6 / 15  mary solmonson will meet on 6 / 16  jeff sorenson will meet on 6 / 9  bryce baxter will meet on 6 / 13  let me know if there is any other information that i can provide .  hector
HAM Subject: tw sale / hedge of unsubscribed firm  tw is currently in negotiations with a handful of shippers regarding 3 blocks  of unsubscribed firm capacity :  block one  volume : 27 , 500 mmbtu / d  term : 1 year , 01 / 01 / 02 thru 12 / 31 / 02  receipt : san juan , ignacio or blanco  delivery : california border - not to exceed 13 , 500 mmbtu / d at needles .  price : floating . difference between ngi socal and iferc , epng , san juan  award criteria : adjustment ( + / - ) to floating price  block two  volume : 49 , 000 mmbtu / d  term : 1 year , 01 / 01 / 03 thru 12 / 31 / 03  receipt : san juan , ignacio or blanco  delivery : california border - not to exceed 35 , 000 mmbtu / d at needles .  price : floating . difference between ngi socal and iferc , epng , san juan  award criteria : adjustment ( + / - ) to floating price  block three  volume : 11 , 000 mmbtu / d  term : 2 years , 01 / 01 / 02 thru 12 / 31 / 03  receipt : san juan , ignacio or blanco  delivery : east of thoreau  price : floating . difference between ngi socal and iferc , epng , san juan *  award criteria : adjustment ( + / - ) to floating price  * mismatch between delivery point and pricing location is an attempt to  capture more of the spread value . however , early discussions with shippers  indicates the structure may not be marketable . we may ultimately revert to  selling it on a " san juan to eot " basis .  transwestern attempted to impose a deadline for consideration of these blocks  on friday , jan . 5 , in order to bring closure . however , some parties were  not able to comply and will be providing proposals on monday .  if an acceptable offer for one or more of these blocks ( blocks one and two ,  in particular ) is received on monday , then in addition to the preparation of  the physical gas transportation contract , a hedging strategy to lock - in the  spread value should be implemented .  i ' ve spoken with dave neubauer and others ( larry , morgan , vernon and theresa )  regarding the execution of an appropriate risk management strategy . in  particular , i spoke with morgan about hedging the basis risk by executing  fixed / floating price swaps at the receipt and delivery ends . we ' ve already  talked with the potential shippers about using ngi socal at the california  border and iferc , epng , san juan for receipts . these indices appear to be  the most liquid with respect to trading the paper . they are also highly  correlated to physical prices at the receipt and delivery locations off  transwestern .  if the physical transport deals are completed on monday , i believe we should  move to execute derivative instruments to hedge the basis spread .  indications from counterparties earlier in the week are showing about a $ 1 . 40  spread in ' 02 and $ 0 . 90 in ' 03 . however , given the current state of the gas  market , and after consulting with steve harris , i also believe we should  leave the price risk open on the fuel collection under these contracts . it  seems imprudent at this point to lock - in fuel gas prices that are at  historically high levels .  i ' ve attempted to at least " tee - up " the requisite paperwork that will  document the physical transaction , hedge transaction and attempted hedge  strategy . i ' ve included it below for your use if a hedge is indeed put on  for these pending transactions . please feel free to modify or to make such  changes as you see necessary .  i ' ll be in washington d . c . on monday and tuesday . i ' ll have my cell phone  with me and will be checking messages also . call if you have questions .
HAM Subject: re : high yield portfolio hedging  bill , why don ' t you and i get together to discuss the proposal . as you know , we are intending to transfer credit risk through the project x , y and z structures but not likely the most riskier of credits . all of the structures rely on cdo and synthetic cdo structures . in addition , we have received indications of interest on non - funded risk transfer structures , pure first loss transfer , that may be interesting to review .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : friday , august 31 , 2001 11 : 27 am  to : deffner , joseph ; bradford , william s .  subject : fw : high yield portfolio hedging  any comments ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : barker - bennett , robina  sent : friday , august 31 , 2001 8 : 28 am  to : kitchen , louise  subject : high yield portfolio hedging  louise  hope alls well and you ' re enjoying life in houston . one of the projects my group ( enron credit - syndication ) , are currently working on is to try and originate , structure and place a high yield and / or emerging market cdo , which is made up of both enron risks and externally originated risks . the plan would be to provide a cost effective way for enron to hedge its credit exposure to riskier counterparties . i am not sure if enron north america has any of this type of exposure , but would be interested to talk to someone and find out if there is any way that we might be able to help your group . i attach a short presentation which outlines the rationale for what we are doing .  >  i am going to be in houston the week of the 17 th september and would appreciate a steer as to who would be the best person to speak to on this .  regards , robina
HAM Subject: listo 319  isranir @ rice . edu , demianen @ rice . edu , tbal 93 @ yahoo . com , maue @ rice . edu ,  loughrid @ rice . edu , jblantonjr @ yahoo . com , gjohnson @ rice . edu ,  emchombo @ rice . edu , nazareth @ rice . edu , vanstone @ rice . edu , ganguzza @ rice . edu ,  nelsonb @ rice . edu , sssmith @ rice . edu , wheelock @ rice . edu , westmore @ rice . edu ,  gaudette @ rice . edu , otaylor @ rice . edu , dikeman @ rice . edu , jettke @ rice . edu ,  litton @ rice . edu , chilkina @ rice . edu , helms @ rice . edu , wankhade @ rice . edu ,  monfan @ rice . edu , kostya @ rice . edu , pcp @ rice . edu , yueguo @ rice . edu ,  nlwbio @ rice . edu , zhangn @ rice . edu , rishad @ rice . edu , yoshiura @ rice . edu ,  howard @ rice . edu , dayangd @ rice . edu , wuwei @ rice . edu , so @ rice . edu ,  wooddy @ rice . edu , lamas @ rice . edu , tbalestrery @ houston . rr . com ,  hingoran @ rice . edu ,  planck @ rice . edu
HAM Subject: doorstep report  don ' t know if you received this or not , version of doorstep as presented to  sherriff . . .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brent a price / hou / ect on 05 / 03 / 2000 09 : 11  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  rebecca morrill  05 / 03 / 2000 02 : 01 pm  to : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : doorstep report  brent  doorstep report as presented to john sheriff .
HAM Subject: freedom ? ? ?  bammelyoungfamilies  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - listbot sponsor - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  start your own free email list at http : / / www . listbot . com / links / joinlb  this is a statement that was read over the pa system at the football game  at roane county high school , kingston , tennessee by school principal jody  mcloud , on september 1 , 2000 . i thought it was worth sharing with the  world , and hope you will forward it to all your friends . it clearly shows  just how far this country has gone in the wrong direction .  " it has always been the custom at roane county high school football games  to say a prayer and play the national anthem to honor god and country .  due to a recent ruling by the supreme court , i am told that saying a prayer  is a violation of federal case law .  as i understand the law at this time , i can use this public facility to  approve of sexual perversion and call it an alternate lifestyle , and if  someone is offended , that ' s ok .  i can use it to condone sexual promiscuity by dispensing condoms and  calling it safe sex . if someone is offended , that ' s ok .  i can even use this public facility to present the merits of killing an  unborn baby as a viable means of birth control . if someone is offended , no  problem .  i can designate a school day as earth day and involve students in  activities to religiously worship and praise the goddess , mother earth ,  and call it ecology .  i can use literature , videos and presentations in the classroom that depict  people with strong , traditional christian convictions as simple minded and  ignorant and call it enlightenment .  however , if anyone uses this facility to honor god and ask him to bless  this event with safety and good sportsmanship , federal case law is  violated .  this appears to be inconsistent at best , and at worst , diabolical .  apparently , we are to be tolerant of everything and anyone except god and  his commandments .  nevertheless , as a school principal , i frequently ask staff and students to  abide by rules which they do not necessarily agree . for me to do otherwise  would be inconsistent at best , and at worst , hypocritical . i suffer from  that affliction enough unintentionally . i certainly do not need to add an  intentional transgression .  for this reason , i shall , " render unto caesar that which is caesar ' s , " and  refrain from praying at this time . however , if you feel inspired to honor ,  praise and thank god , and ask him in the name of jesus to bless this event ,  please feel free to do so . as far as i know , that ' s not against the law -  yet . "  and . . . one by one , the people in the stands bowed their heads , held hands  with one another , and began to pray . they prayed in the stands . they prayed  in the team huddles . they prayed at the concession stand . and they prayed  in the announcer ' s box . the only place they didn ' t pray was in the supreme  court of the united states of america - the seat of " justice " in the one  nation under god .  somehow , kingston , tennessee , remembered what so many have forgotten . . . we  are given the freedom of religion , not the freedom from religion .  praise god that his remnant remains !  let ' s celebrate jesus in 2001  jesus said , " if you are ashamed of me , i will be ashamed of you before my  father . "  - - - - - - - - -  if you are not ashamed , pass this on . . . but only if you mean it .  yes , i do love god . he is my source of existence and savior . he keeps me  functioning each and every day . without him , i will be nothing . without  him , i am nothing but with him , i can do all things through christ that  strengthens me . phil 4 : 13  geoff gayle  synergy oil & gas , inc .  office : ( 713 ) 461 - 6626 x . 113  fax : ( 713 ) 461 - 4475  email : ggayle @ synergyog . com  to unsubscribe , write to - unsubscribe @ listbot . com
HAM Subject: weather person for london egm  we need to set a further round of inteviews for tony hamilton . can everyone  let gloria solis know their availability over the next 2 weeks . below are  the results from our initial interviews and the candidate ' s resume  thanks  jen  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 12 / 15 / 2000  10 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tony hamilton on 12 / 15 / 2000 02 : 11 : 58 am  please respond to tony hamilton  to : mike . a . roberts @ enron . com  cc :  subject : meteorologist / forecaster  dear mike  i would like to apply for the above position as advertised in " earthworks " and  enclose my full cv ( in word 97 / 00 format ) in support .  i am currently a research fellow with ucl conducting research , and building  forecasting models for the statistical prediction of north atlantic sea  surface  temperatures and other climatic parameters at long leads ( 1 - 12 months ahead of  forecast period ) .  i have recently applied this model to the north sea in order to aid long - lead  forecasts of fish stocks ( see sap - symposium , 4 - 6 december , bergen , norway ) ,  and  have recently been applying similar models to the north atlantic oscillation ,  an  atmospheric phenomena which is strongly correlated with winter climate over  uk / norway and nw europe , particularly temperatures , rainfall and windspeeds  ( see  enclosed poster which was presented recently at an international conference on  the nao in vigo , spain )  as you will see from my cv , i have 2 + years experience consulting in several  areas of geoscience to the oil , gas and minerals industries and have good  programming skills , both on unix machines and on pcs .  i am particularly keen to apply my skills in the commercial sector and  initiate  a permanent career path .  i look forward to the opportunity of hopefully discussing my skills further  with  you in the near future .  yours sincerely  tony hamilton  * dr . tony hamilton *  * research fellow *  * benfield greig hazard research centre *  * department of space and climate physics *  * university college london *  * holmbury st mary *  * dorking *  * surrey rh 5 6 nt *  * *  * e - mail : th @ mssl . ucl . ac . uk *  * telephone : + 44 ( 0 ) 1483 560107 *  * fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 1483 278312 *  * web - site : http : / / forecast . mssl . ucl . ac . uk / *  - th _ cv . doc  - nao _ posterv 2 . gif  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jennifer fraser / hou / ect on 08 / 01 / 2001  13 : 11 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : jennifer fraser 21 / 12 / 2000 07 : 32  to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , chris mahoney / lon / ect @ ect , mike a  roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stewart peter / lon / ect @ ect , niamh clarke / lon / ect @ ect  subject : weather person for london egm  folks :  we interviewed three candidates . one of the three ( tony hamilton ) seems to  be a very good fit within the enron culture and values .  recommended next steps  vince , mike and jeff interview tony via video conference or avistar  tony hamilton key strengths  quick thinker  good teams skills  driven - will be able to get the project off the ground quickly  has a commercial attitude  sees " the big picture "  tony hamilton is available for follow up interviews the first week of january .  thanks  jen
HAM Subject: yahoo - transwestern pipeline announces successful open season for  proposed sun  
HAM Subject: fw : waha hub co .  are you guys able to attend ?  regards ,  brian  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : herber , stephen  sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 1 : 47 pm  to : redmond , brian ; miller , kent ; watson , kimberly ; williams , jo ; mercaldo , vernon ; stage , michael g .  cc : wehring , linda ; robertson , audrey  subject : waha hub co .  a meeting has been scheduled for 3 : 30 p . m . on wednesday , november 14 in ecn 1336 . the purpose of the meeting is to discuss ena ' s desire to create a waha header using facilities owned by northern and / or transwestern . we will tie jo in via conference call . see you tomorrow .  thanks ,  steve
HAM Subject: re : hplc / ocean energy inc . 09 / 99 purchase  thanks daren , i just found the answer this afternoon . we paid seagull .  ocean energy bought seagull , and pam boxx included this deal with her net to  seagull . we just need to move the suspense amount . thanks .  daren j farmer  10 / 03 / 2000 05 : 04 pm  to : cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : hplc / ocean energy inc . 09 / 99 purchase  i have no idea why payment would be suspended . i don ' t remember having any  problems with ocean energy . sorry .  d  cynthia hakemack  10 / 02 / 2000 05 : 19 pm  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : hplc / ocean energy inc . 09 / 99 purchase  daren , there are five hplc purchase deals for 09 / 99 from ocean energy inc .  they were craig falbaum ' s deals . a person who is no longer in my group  suspended payment for these deals . gary suggested that i contact you and see  if you have any insight as to why the deals might have been suspended , or  know anything that might help . thanks .
HAM Subject: unusual metals trading activity  hi louise ,  i told jay about this yesterday and so you may have heard from him already but i wanted to make sure you knew that the metals deal count has gone up from an average of about 450 per day to aproximately 1200 per . i see j aaron and edf mann being the primary counterparties doing the trading .  savita
HAM Subject: out of the office  i will be out of the office september 18 - 19 , 2000 and will return wednesday  september 20 , 2000 . if you should need anything in the mean time please call  sheila walton at x 30649 or the hr assistant ramona perkins at x 58165 .
HAM Subject: transwestern weekly report  for the week august 28 - september 1 :  transwestern ' s weekly average deliveries to california were 1 , 062 mmcf / d  while east deliveries averaged 429 mmcf / d . san juan lateral averaged 828  mmcf / d while receipts from rio puerco averaged 75 mmcf / d . mojave deliveries  averaged a range of 55 - 110 mmcf / d throughout the week . by friday , window  rock receipts were 0 mmcf / d .  by friday , el paso deliveries to california increased to a 68 % throughput  level of 1 , 950 mmcf / d . :  - pg & etop ( capacity 1 , 140 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 367 mmcf / d  - socalehr ( capacity 1 , 230 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 1 , 045 mmcf / d  - socaltop ( capacity 5400 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 538 mmcf / d  other pipeline throughput :  - pgt ( capacity 1 , 937 mmcf / d ) throughput to california averaged 1 , 881 mmc / d  - kern river ( capacity 700 ) throughput to california averaged 367 mmcf / d .  friday enron online basis numbers :  permian to california basis for oct has decreased from monday by 1 . 30 while  novo 0 - march ' 01 and april - oct have decrease by . 43 and . 37 respectively .  oct . nov 00 - march ' 01 april - oct ' 01  perm - ca 1 . 08 . 60 . 67  sj - ca 1 . 84 . 85 1 . 62  sj - waha . 82 . 30 . 40  perm - waha . 07 . 055 . 07
HAM Subject: notes from initial enom use case meeting - 2 / 2 / 00  attached are the notes captured from the whiteboard and discussions on  wednesday ( as best as i can decipher ) . please note the next steps we  discussed :  commitment of key subject experts ( who , how much time dedicated )  establishment of the project steering team  detail out high level use cases  thanks for your participation in the meeting , and i look forward to working  with you to create another great system .  - hal  x 66277
HAM Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure  start date : 1 / 20 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012015 . txt  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
HAM Subject: west hourly eol trades - no confirm  to all -  as you may already know , the short term west hourly desk began trading the enron online hourly market on monday . these deals should be treated just like all short term west hourly deals - they do not need to be confirmed . unfortunately , it seems the eol application created for us is defaulting to " yes - confirm , " and west hourly deals are being pulled into your batches of confirmation letters .  i ' ve spoken with the eol help desk about changing this default setting , and they ' ve informed me that it may take a day or two to make that change . in the meantime , i wanted to make you aware of these deals ' existence . you will be seeing larger numbers of trades from the short term west hourly desk in the future , and many of these will be made on eol . again , these should be treated as with any other west hourly deal and do not need to be confirmed .  please let me know if you have any questions about this . i ' ll let you know as soon as i ' ve heard more conclusive information from eol . and thanks for your help .  kate symes  real time trading support  503 - 464 - 3939
HAM Subject: harvard business school - - enron case study - - ' final ' draft  friends ,  attached is the " final " draft of the harvard business school case study  prepared by harvard professor chris bartlett and his research assistant meg  wozny . [ please scroll down to the end of the next message for the attachment ]  . the content was developed from interviews with most of you .  please review the case and let me know of any desired  edits / corrections / comments as soon as possible . [ one obvious correction is  the spelling of cindy olson ' s last name ] .  we ' d like to " sign off " on this within the next 2 or 3 days . harvard  professors are excited about teaching this case this coming semester . in  fact , professor don sull will be focusing largely on this enron case this  semester , culminating in " enron day " at harvard business school april 26 th ,  featuring jeff skilling . also , chris and meg will be in houston this  thursday , jan . 11 th , ' capping off ' their work with video interviews with ken ,  jeff and louise , which will help " bring the case to life " for the students  studying it .  please forward any edits / corrections / comments to me via e - mail or via hard  copy ( please deliver to eb 4710 , or call me [ 3 - 6117 ] and we ' ll have it picked  up ) .  thanks to everyone for all your contributions to this exciting work !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 01 / 08 / 2001  09 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  meg wozny on 01 / 08 / 2001 09 : 31 : 00 am  to : christie . patrick @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : enron case study  christie :  congratulations ! i don ' t know how you manage to work full - time at enron  and study for a phd at the same time . sounds superhuman to me !  the fedex was marked for saturday delivery , but in case you haven ' t  received it yet , i ' m enclosing the draft as an attachment .  it would be great if we could get enron ' s approval during our visit . ( i  know professors at hbs are interested in teaching that case as soon as it ' s  available . )  thanks for all your help , and let me know if you have any questions ,  comments , etc .  best ,  meg  at 09 : 12 am 1 / 8 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  > meg . . . just got back in the office - - - anxiously looking for the package ! !  >  > i finished my phd ( psychology @ usc ) class work last week - - i made my last  case presentations this past friday ! ! now i only have my dissertation to  go ! . . . hooray !  > looking forward to seeing you and chris thursday !  >  > - - christie .  - latest draftl . doc  * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  meg wozny  research associate  harvard business school  gallatin lounge c  soldiers field  boston , ma 02163  voicemail : ( 617 ) 496 - 0802  facsimile : ( 617 ) 496 - 6943  email : mwozny @ hbs . edu
HAM Subject: gas transportation  dave :  attached is a proposal for firm transportation services that provide economic  incentives to encourage sps to build a lateral from the nichols plant in  potter co , tx to our transwestern panhandle lateral .  as we have discussed , the proposal allows flexibility for receipt and  delivery , yet provides rate assurance .  thanks for your help , and if you have any questions please give me or  michelle a call .  sincerly ,  bob
HAM Subject: working paper list & etc  dear vince :  i have put together a list of finance working papers ( some of which i brought to the interview last wednesday ) which i have written since 1995 mostly in support of my work but also ( at least initially ) as a learning tool . several of them , however , do contain innovations .  i have asked ms . de claris to forward a copy to you .  as i expressed to you earlier i am particularly interested in enron credit swaps trading platform and the business opportunities that it will spawn .  i also think that there are tremendous opportunities to be explored in the secondary mortgage maket in the us . i do not know if enron has considered or is active in this market . this would be an area that i am also very interested and in which i think much better can be done than most of the players in the street .  the question in my mind ( hopefully not prematurely ) is : if there is interest here would enron consider letting me put together this business ?  i look forward to hearing from you soon .  best regards  joao
HAM Subject: aga forecast for 7 / 21 is 42  vince & stinson ,  the number comes out from the time series model is 42 , compared with mike ' s  61 .  last year ' s number ( true ) was 41 ( 7 / 23 / 99 ) , and 26 ( 7 / 30 / 99 ) . therefore the  curve is down - sloping dramatically .  let us see what happen tomorrow .  zimin
HAM Subject: budget # ' s  here is my first cut at taking the existing budget numbers to a desk - level . here are the key assumptions behind my cost allocations :  direct costs for each group went to that group .  gas ops was allocated to houston gas .  power ops was allocated to east and west power based on commercial headcount .  most other costs were allocated to gas , east power , west power , canada , ooc based on commercial headcount .  there are a hundred ways you could do this exercise , i ' m not saying that this is the right way , but at least i was able to break the costs down .  i then calculated an ebit by desk , funded a bonus pool , paid bonuses to all the non - commercial people , and figured out what a bonus pool would look like by desk based on the proforma values . i am not necessarily saying that this is the way that we should do it , but i think that it is one way to view the world upon which we can make whatever changes / adjustments we deem necessary . here are my initial conclusions / reactions :  the proforma produces bonuses for commercial employees equal to roughly 6 % of their gross margin .  this number is high relative to the 1 - 2 % we are used to , but considerably lower than the 8 % to 12 % that appears to be available in the market .  our costs are way too high . for every dollar of direct commercial expenses there are four dollars of allocations . that just seems way out of hand .  this model sells with lower costs . with current costs , i have a hard time convincing people in portland that this looks good relative to people ' s alternatives .  i think that we need to have a lot of discussions next week on how this new organization would be managed . i don ' t see why we couldn ' t debate , if not nail down , a bunch of things next week . for example :  how do we allocate var to the best performing traders and the market that offers the best opportunity at the time ?  do we need to incent desk heads based on netco earnings while compensate traders based on desk earnings ?  how will we carve up the bonus pool ? what are our choices ? what gets the var to the right places and properly incents teamwork ?  how do we best manage costs ? how do we send appropriate cost signals for sunk costs ? for variable costs ?  we need a very strong , professional , operations manager who is steeped in cost accounting , efficiency , quality control , and leadership . there is a science to operations management that i haven ' t seen applied at enron . for example , what does it cost us to schedule a mw - average and marginal ? what does it cost us to run a book ? what does it cost us to settle transactions ?  what package are we going to be able to offer to incent people to stay ? when can we start talking about it ? who should we discuss this with ?  what does our management team look like ? is it three people ? five people ? ten people ?  i want to make this thing work . my clear first choice for 2002 is to be on this team . i want to be as contructive and helpful as possible in achieving this end . i can ' t commit unequivically ( sp ? ) until we sort out all of the numbers , i feel like i can sell this to the portland team , and i know what comp looks like for me and the key people in portland . i feel like some adjustments to the proforma and a clear understanding of 2002 comp will probably get us there .  when do you want me in houston ( for a visit - not to move ) ?  tim
HAM Subject: fw : red rock : draft letter to ge / np attached for comment  jerry and arnold ,  here are our comments on the letter to nuovo pignone . please don ' t hesitate to call me if you need additional information or have any questions . thank you for all of the support that you have provided us on this project .  arnold , do you usually have someone from legal review these type of letters ? we would be happy to help you do this , if you like . just let me know .  thanks ,  kim .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : martin , jerry d .  sent : monday , june 11 , 2001 4 : 10 pm  to : lowry , phil ; hayslett , rod ; harris , steven ; watson , kimberly ; mccarty , danny ; soldano , louis ; eisenstein , arnold l .  cc : alexander , betty  subject : red rock : draft letter to ge / np attached for comment  importance : high  please find attached a draft letter from us to nuovo pignone regarding the partial commitment ( 3 of 4 units ) on the red rock project . they had indicated that 13 june was the absolute last day we could respond , so the letter will be dated as such .  your comments are solicited by the close of business tomorrow . kim , i assume you will review and comment for steve harris .  thanks ,  jerry
HAM Subject: new eog well  fyi , kevin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin hyatt / et & s / enron on 11 / 20 / 2000  08 : 39 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  marc _ eschenburg @ eogresources . com on 11 / 17 / 2000 10 : 47 : 23 am  to : kevin . hyatt @ enron . com  cc :  subject : new well  thanks again for your help on getting the well connected asap . for the  weekend , we estimate we will be flowing around 34 , 000 mmbtu / day .  we have been replacing wellhead equipment and dehy ' s to allow for greater  production .  hopefully this flow will continue for awhile .  we are selling the production at the interconnect , hopefully tw is getting  a good transport rate . earlier today , i could have paid tw $ 4 . 00 / mmbtu  transport , got any ft ? $ 10 . 50 at the border , $ 5 . 50 at tw . makes your ft  west shippers rich .  i know we have had numerous discussions with gas control , michelle , field  people , etc . tell everyone thanks for the hard work .
HAM Subject: real - time generation for saturday 6 / 9  group ,  the plan has slightly changed for submitting supplemental bids for our generators for saturday , 6 / 9 . the plan is as follows :  only submit supplemental bids for the generators if a stage 1 emergency is called . this is due to the iso ' s ability to ramp the units up and down every 10 minutes . we don ' t want to give them the ability to do this if there is not a stage 1 , 2 , or 3 emergency .  so , please try to sell the generators excess available output as an sc to sc trade . below is their preschedule , mw ' s available , minimum price threshold , and unit id ' s . also , attached is a sheet with all the contact names and phone # ' s . please save it and reference it when dealing with the generators .  harbor : harbgn _ 7 _ units  supps : 80 mw available , hel - 24 , saturday , for $ 140 .  sc trade : 80 mw available , spl 5 , saturday , above $ 125 .  delano : pandol _ 6 _ units  supps : 15 mw available , 30 mw prescheduled , total output equals 45 , hel - 24 , saturday , for $ 40 .  sc trade : 15 mw available , 30 mw prescheduled , total output equals 45 , spl 5 , saturday , above $ 40 .  wheelabrator martel : martel _ 2 _ amfor  supps : 6 mw available , 7 mw prescheduled , total output equals 13 , hel - 24 , friday and saturday , for $ 60 .  sc trade : 6 mw available , 7 mw prescheduled , total output equals 13 , npl 5 , friday and saturday , above $ 50 .  sierra pacific holding : we don ' t know their unit id because we ' re not their sc  supps : no supps , we are not their sc . the apx is their sc .  sc trade : 15 mw available , npl 5 , friday and saturday , above $ 60 .  if you have any questions don ' t hesitate to contact either chris foster or myself .  thanks ,  stan
HAM Subject: re : enroll in intro to java at productivity point , feb 12 - 16  marty :  how many do we need to enroll in order to bring the class to enron ?  thanks !  shirley  marty chrisman @ enron  01 / 25 / 2001 04 : 58 pm  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : enroll in intro to java at productivity point , feb 12 - 16  ok .  the discounted rate applies regardless of numbers enrolled per class .  marty  shirley crenshaw @ ect  01 / 25 / 2001 02 : 45 pm  to : marty chrisman / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : enroll in intro to java at productivity point , feb 12 - 16  marty :  vince wants to wait and see how many actually need this training before  we enroll anymore from his group . right now tanya and rabi are all  that have approval .  i will let you know if we decide to do more .  thanks for all of your assistance .  shirley  marty chrisman @ enron  01 / 25 / 2001 11 : 46 am  to : twolfe @ propoint . com  cc : ahmad farooqi / enron @ enronxgate , jared lane / na / enron @ enron , tanya  tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  subject : enroll in intro to java at productivity point , feb 12 - 16  please enroll the following in the java class in houston , feb 12 - 16  ahmad farooqi ,  jared lane  tanya tamachenko  rabi de  ahmad & jared are application developers . tanya & rabi are in the research  group . i may have one or more names to submit and will send those to you as  soon as i get them  thank you ,  marty chrisman  713 - 853 - 4567
HAM Subject: schedule c  attached is the preliminary schedule c as of march 30 , 2001 . a new schedule c will follow as the information is updated .  thanks  anita  36753
HAM Subject: fw :  the numbers that you requested . the potential numbers should be available in the am .  we are leaving now . call debbie ( 713 - 417 - 9501 ) or i ( 713 - 857 - 7739 ) if you have any questions .  regards ,  bill  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : brackett , debbie r .  sent : sunday , november 04 , 2001 11 : 27 pm  to : bradford , william s .  subject :
HAM Subject: james aimone  james aimone is a canditate for a summer position supporting the ena option  pricing and valuation team .  he will be at enron , friday april 28 from 2 : 30 to 4 : 00 .  schedule of interviews :  stinson gibner 2 : 30 - 2 : 45  zimin lu 2 : 45 - 3 : 00  paulo issler 3 : 00 - 3 : 15  elizabeth grant 3 : 30 - 4 : 00  thanks ,  stinson
HAM Subject: re : thursday visit  frank ,  we shall have about 30 people , highly technical ( ph . d . , m . s . level ) .  a presentation of 45 minutes would be optimal , assuming you may arrive  around 11 : 45 - 12 : 00 .  we shall get the projector for you .  please , keep all the receipts for refund .  vince  " francis x . diebold " on 12 / 18 / 2000 09 : 47 : 16 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  subject : re : thursday visit  excellent , vince ! yes , i will be happy to make a presentation . do you have a  projector to which i could simply hook up my laptop ? could we also have an  overhead projector as a backup ? many thanks , frank  p . s . how long is optimal ? how large an audience and what are the  participants ' backgrounds ?  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  > frank ,  >  > we are located at 1400 smith . any cab driver can identify the enron  > building . when you arrive ,  > please , call me at 3 - 3848 from the reception to be admitted into the  > building .  >  > alternative phone numbers : 3 - 5290 ( my assistant shirley crenshaw ) . you can  > also try to call me on  > my cell phone : 713 898 9960 .  >  > the research group meeting starts at 11 : 30 and lasts till 1 : 00 . can you  > make a presentation  > about your research projects ? what audio / video equipment do you need ? what  > sandwich would  > you like to have for lunch ?  >  > we shall make a hotel reservation for you thursday night .  >  > vince  >  > " francis x . diebold " on 12 / 18 / 2000 07 : 02 : 46 am  >  > to : vince kaminski  > cc : bmierts @ enron . com  > subject : thursday visit  >  > hi vince , looking forward to seeing you thursday . i arrive at houston - bush  > on usair 1769 at 10 : 55 am . please let me know where to go . i also want to  > verify that you have booked me a hotel for thurs night . many thanks , and  > see you soon , frank  >  > - -  > francis x . diebold  > wp carey professor  >  > department of economics  > university of pennsylvania  > 3718 locust walk  > philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297  >  > fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu  > http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold  >  > ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone  > ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax  - -  francis x . diebold  wp carey professor  department of economics  university of pennsylvania  3718 locust walk  philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297  fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu  http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold  ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone  ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax
HAM Subject: option visualization  vince and stinson ,  i did some reserach on the option visualization . here is one of the findings .  check this web site , the image looks impressive :  this is done through a free software livegraphics 3 d and mathematica .  take a look of the demo on the web site mentioned above to see if it is good  enough for our purpose .  zimin  ps :  - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  what is livegraphics 3 d ?  livegraphics 3 d is a non - commercial java 1 . 1 applet to display and  rotate three - dimensional graphics produced by mathematica in  html pages . it may be used without charge for any  non - commercial purposes . mathematica is a program for symbolic  and numeric mathematics by wolfram research , inc . . wolfram  research is also responsible for licensing livegraphics 3 d for  commercial purposes .  livegraphics 3 d enables all mathematica users to put almost any  three - dimensional graphics computed by mathematica directly onto  a html page , such that everyone with a web browser supporting  java 1 . 1 ( e . g . communicator 4 . 0 or internet explorer 4 . 0 or higher )  can view and interactively rotate the graphics without any additional  software .  additionally livegraphics 3 d is able to show animations , calculate  stereo graphics , integrate hyperlinks , and display bitmap  backgrounds .  %
HAM Subject: henwood - ny  we have called henwood - they are working on a nyc curve - hopefully monday .  chris calger  503 - 464 - 3735
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ;  start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121712 . txt
HAM Subject: hi darren  darren ,  did not hear back from you with regards the information i  sent you . please keep in touch and let know how i can help  you in your home - hunting process . i would like to help you  make your moving experience a pleasant one .  with all good wishes ,  iona alphonso  always in tune with your needs  oh , by the way . . . if you know of someone thinking about  buying or selling a home , please call me with their name and  number - thanks a million ! !  prudential , gary greene realtors  3910 fm 1960 west , suite 100  houston , texas 77068  voice mail : 281 - 857 - 2485 x 535  pager : 281 - 551 - 6549  office : 281 - 444 - 5140  fax : 281 - 444 - 0630  web site : http : / / www . ionaalphonso . com  resume : http : / / www . har . com / ionaalphonso  gary greene web site : http : / / www . garygreene . com  please view my monthly newsletter at  http : / / homeownernews . com / c / ionaalphonso
HAM Subject: meeting to be rescheduled  all :  the meeting scheduled for tomorrow from 11 - 12 : 00 to discuss enron ' s needs  from the mit / aa new value research lab has been postponed to allow for  additional time to confer with aa . new date / time will be set once add ' l  information is gathered .  thanks .  amy
HAM Subject: analyst & associate summer picnic  attached is an invitation to the summer picnic this saturday , june 23 from 4 : 00 - 9 : 00 pm at the regal ranch . many of you may have already received this , but i wanted to extend my personal invitation to you . this is a really fun activity , and has traditionally been one of the best opportunities to visit with our program participants on an informal basis . this is a family outing with lots of activities for the kids , and you can come and go as you please .  please make an effort to attend on saturday , even if you can only join us for a little while . feel free to pass this invitation on to other executives in your business unit . the analysts and associates tell us that this type of exposure to our business leaders helps drive excitement and enthusiasm within the program . your support of events like this is incredibly valuable , and appreciated .  if you can join us , please rsvp to jackie coleman by email , or at extension x 54070 .  thank you ,  billy
HAM Subject: fw : bridgeline cash and ar  i am not sure when we received our last cash distribution from bridgeline but will check . should we pursue ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : gruesen , karen  sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 5 : 03 pm  to : hodges , georganne  subject : fw : bridgeline cash and ar  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : schwarzbach , emily  sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 4 : 41 pm  to : gruesen , karen  subject : bridgeline cash and ar  karen ,  the following are the bridgeline account balances as of 9 / 30 / 01 that you requested :  cash - $ 34 , 374 , 000  ar - $ 88 , 224 , 562  if you have any further questions or need additional information please let me know .  thank you .  emily
HAM Subject: tenaska gas management agreement  daren ,  just following up on my email and call last week re : the cpi  information - - just as soon as you can get that to me i will be able to get out  a revised draft . i know folks are anxious so let me know if there is someone  else you would like me to ask about this  thanks for your help ,  sandi  - - - - - forwarded by sandi m braband / hou / ect on 11 / 14 / 2000 11 : 32 am - - - - -  sandi m braband  10 / 31 / 2000 02 : 14 pm  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : tenaska gas management agreement  daren ,  can you get me the specifics on the consumer price index as you all would  like to see it referenced in the agreement . is there a specific publication  that i can reference like i do for hsc proces in the first of the month  inside ferc - - let me know
HAM Subject: re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  dear :  thank you for giving me an opportunity to have an interview with enron corp .  i am looking forward to hearing the result from you . in case you  are interested in reading some of my works , you can go to  best regards ,  seksan .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com [ mailto : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , june 20 , 2000 4 : 45 pm  to : centered @ engin . umich . edu  cc : vince j kaminski ; pinnamaneni krishnarao ; osman sezgen  subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  seksan :  this friday , the 23 rd , at 2 : 30 pm eastern time ( 1 : 30 pm central ) would work  fine . please let me have the telephone number you can be reached at .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  seksan kiatsupaibul on 06 / 20 / 2000 03 : 19 : 37 pm  to : shirley crenshaw  cc : vince j kaminski , pinnamaneni krishnarao  , osman sezgen  subject : re : telephone interview with the enron corp . research group  dear :  thank you for giving an opportunity to have an interview with enron corp .  this friday afternoon from lpm to 4 pm eastern time would be good for me .  please let me know whether or not the time is also convenient for you .  best regards ,  seksan .  on tue , 20 jun 2000 , shirley crenshaw wrote :  >  >  > good afternoon mr . kiatsupaibul :  >  > the enron corp . research group would like to conduct a telephone  interview  > with you at your convenience .  >  > please let me know your availability this friday , the 23 rd and during the  week  > of june 26 - 30 th and i will shedule the interview .  >  > the interviewers would be :  >  > vince kaminski managing director  > p . v . krishnarao director  > osman sezgen manager  >  > look forward to hearing from you .  >  > regards ,  >  > shirley crenshaw  > administrative coordinator  > enron corp . research  > 713 / 853 - 5290  > email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  >  >  >  >  >  >
HAM Subject: today i ' m compiling next years ' budget with mike coleman and wayne mays . we will run these budgets by chris calger and dave duran . we think that we can support all of e . w . s . using less dollars than last years ' budget . we may elect to do everything in house . in any event , this is just your information - no reply necessary .  bob virgo
HAM Subject: fw : what is our  total gross margin / mmbtu for 2001 : ( includes merchant activity , peakers , etc . ) excludes ees wholesale =  3 , 643 , 000 , 000 / 152 , 246 , 250 , 000 = . 024  gross margin related to gas , power , orig & drift for 2001 ( excludes ees wholesale ) :  2 , 705 , 000 , 000 / 152 , 246 , 250 , 000 = . 018  total gross margin / mmbtu for 2001 : ( includes merchant activity , peakers , etc . ) includes ees wholesale =  3 , 115 , 000 , 000 / 152 , 246 , 250 , 000 = . 02  gross margin related to gas , power , orig & drift for 2001 ( includes ees wholesale ) :  2 , 177 , 000 , 000 / 152 , 246 , 250 , 000 = . 014  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : tuesday , october 09 , 2001 10 : 25 am  to : killen , faith  subject : what is our  gross margin per mmbtu for 2001  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sent from my blackberry wireless handheld
HAM Subject: fyi - piece on enron  
HAM Subject: upward feedback  sally ,  below is the listing of my staff and their extensions .  david maxwell 3 - 6983  susie ayala 3 - 0524 on vacation in houston  tim norton 3 - 6820  homer lin 5 - 7642 on vacation in seattle  lynn tippery 3 - 5333  joseph koothrappaly 3 - 6819 it  carol marshall 3 - 4291 commercial liaison  call if you need anything more ,  todd
HAM Subject: fw : thanksgiving - note from sherriff  fyi - in case you hadn ' t seen it . . . .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : enron europe general announcement / ect @ ect on behalf of enron europe office of the chairman  sent : 22 november 2001 05 : 48  to : ect europe @ enron ; ect asia pacific @ enron  subject : thanksgiving  today is thanksgiving . a uniquely american holiday , it is one that i personally value the most . it has no religious significance , and is not tied to any historical pagan celebration . it does not spring from mythology and carries with it very little baggage . no presents are exchanged ; decorations are few and spare ; there is little commercial pressure to buy , travel , celebrate , or do anything to excess . ( the possible exceptions are the temptations to overeat and watch too much football . )  thanksgiving is a holiday designated by men and women - a day specifically set aside to enjoy friends and family and to ponder our good fortune . as most of you know , the first thanksgiving was held in new england - a bountiful feast during which the american forefathers joined with native americans to celebrate a good harvest . this celebration drew a line under a dreadful year of enormous suffering - inadequate food supplies , disease and death .  this is a very difficult time for all of us at enron . i want to take a few minutes of your time to share with you some of my thoughts - for even now , it is important to count our blessings and recall some of the many things for which we can be thankful . i am thankful for the way all of you have pulled together each day , doing your best to make the most of a really tough situation . i am moved by the kind words many of you have shared with me . i have been impressed by your willingness to look forward , stay the course , and maintain your sense of humor . your loyalty and commitment have sustained me during some of our darkest moments . i am grateful for friends , family , and the opportunity to live and work in a free and open society . mostly , i am so very proud of you - your talents , your flexibility , your work ethic , your willingness to hang in there when things seem to be spinning out of control .  thanks for constantly reminding me how lucky i am to be working with you .  john sherriff
HAM Subject: references  louise ,  you treated me with a degree of candor and respect this morning that was really refreshing to me , although , i must admit that you caught me off - guard . if you give me the chance , i will be a leader in your organization . there is not the slightest doubt in my mind that i can generate the new ideas and the new business that you require of a top performing vice president . in fact i am dying to get a chance to prove to you that i can deliver results . i don ' t want to loose any more time than i already have ; i want to start now .  as you don ' t know well some of the people who ' s names i gave you as references , you might also want to try scott neal or don black . both of them know me quite well and would give you an opinion on my ability to deliver what you are looking for .  thank you for the opportunity .  steve
HAM Subject: meter 3425  daren -  we had flow of 76 for the month of april but no deal came across in sitarra .  per lee papyotti , a deal is in place for april but he does not know the deal  number - he told me to ask you .  thanks - julie  huish detergents inc .  98 3425
HAM Subject: fw : mckinsey partner specializing in agriculture  hi vasant ,  as per our lunch conversation on yesterday , i mentioned that a friend of  mine is a partner at mckinsey and he specializes in agriculture .  attached is an email from him regarding meeting you and others here at  enron .  how do you wish to proceed ?  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : @ enron  sent : wednesday , march 07 , 2001 2 : 17 am  to : mack , iris  subject : re : iris mack at enron  hey iris ,  great to hear from you and welcome back stateside ! i would be delighted to  meet with you and your colleagues .  bernard  margot tyler  03 / 06 / 2001 to : bernard  02 : 41 pm loyd / chi / northamerica / mckinsey  cc :  subject : re : iris mack at enron  - - - - - forwarded by margot tyler / chi / northamerica / mckinsey on 03 / 06 / 2001  02 : 41 pm - - - - -  to : margot _ tyler @ mckinsey . com  03 / 06 / 2001 cc :  02 : 27 pm subject : re : message for bernard  hi again ,  i had lunch today with some of the guys in my group who work on  agriculture - related deals and on weather derivatives .  i mentioned to them about bernard ' s working at mckinsey and  specializing in the agriculture area .  we thought it might be worthwhile if we all had a chat and / or met  to discuss possible collaborative efforts .  will you please forward this email on to bernard to see if this  might be of interest to him ?  thanks ,  iris  | this message may contain confidential and / or privileged |  | information . if you are not the addressee or authorized to |  | receive this for the addressee , you must not use , copy , |  | disclose or take any action based on this message or any |  | information herein . if you have received this message in |  | error , please advise the sender immediately by reply e - mail |  | and delete this message . thank you for your cooperation . |  
HAM Subject: re : tenaska iv 10 / 00  we have received all of the money from the spot sales for tenaska iv in  october 2000 , except for the tenaska iv sale and the $ 0 . 04 fee .  megan
HAM Subject: gss organizational changes  i am pleased to announce the following additions to the enron global  strategic sourcing operations group :  effective june 1 , tracy ramsey has joined the group as a sourcing portfolio  leader and cheryl slone has joined the group as a travel coordinator . in her  new position , tracy will be responsible for overseeing all travel ,  entertainment and conference - related sourcing activities . she has held  various positions within the travel industry and most recently served as  manager of corporate travel for enron property and services corp . tracy will  report directly to me .  cheryl joined enron in 1998 as a travel coordinator . she brings more than  seven years of travel industry experience to her new position . prior to  joining enron , she most recently worked in travel management services for  m . d . anderson cancer center .  additionally , amanda becher has joined the group as a supply analyst . prior  to joining enron , she held various positions in inventory planning and  analysis . most recently , she served as a senior customer inventory analyst  with w . w . grainger , inc . cheryl holds a b . b . a . in operations management  from the university of houston .  please join me in welcoming tracy , cheryl and amanda to the group .
HAM Subject: pp & e and cwip protocol for hpl transition  sally ,  fyi - here is what jim is using for the accounting activities .  brian  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brian redmond / hou / ect on 04 / 02 / 2001 05 : 43  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : jim coffey on 04 / 02 / 2001 02 : 58 pm  to : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , deanna washington / enron @ enronxgate , emma kam  welsch / hou / ect @ ect , vince mack / enron @ enronxgate , marian  bryant / enron @ enronxgate , anne c koehler / hou / ect @ ect , sandi m  braband / hou / ect @ ect , troy denetsosie / hou / ect @ ect , steve - hpl -  schneider / hou / ect @ ect , yvette miroballi / enron @ enronxgate , rick  boehm / enron @ enronxgate , nathan l hlavaty / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kedar kulkarni / enron @ enronxgate  subject : pp & e and cwip protocol for hpl transition  please review the attached pp & e and cwip protocol for the hpl transition and  respond with any suggested changes asap . i would like to send this to aep by  tomorrow if at all possible .  also attached below are the files with the list of asset master data elements  referred to in the protocol which will be attached to the protocol .  cwip  pp & e
HAM Subject: fw : 2002 headcount changes  laynie :  per my swapped voice mails with louise last week , i have reduced the group to 6 commercial people ( not including my cost center ) .  please let me know if this is what you need .  regards ,  brian  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : east , laynie  sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 3 : 57 pm  to : redmond , brian  subject : 2002 headcount changes  brian ,  louise has reviewed the headcount plan submitted for 2002 and asked that we reduce the texas origination count from 12 to 6 . the attached file shows the positions that were initially submitted . if you will let me know what to eliminate , i will make the necessary changes .  thanks ,  laynie  x 3 - 3131
HAM Subject: fw : # by city  louise -  here are the numbers by location .  amy  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : oquinn , kari  sent : monday , december 17 , 2001 1 : 31 pm  to : fitzpatrick , amy  subject : # by city
HAM Subject: enrononline budgeting method  as you each have heard over the past few days , enrononline is currently looking at a new methodology for charging the business units for services in 2002 . we intend to move away from an allocation mindset into one where services ( in the form of products , transactions , and development ) are charged on a usage basis , allowing the business units to scale and develop their markets in a more cost responsive way . my assistant will be contacting your offices to schedule 30 minutes with each of you on friday , oct 19 th to go over the proposed plan and discuss its impact on next year ' s budget . i am confident that this process will yield a method that accurately reflects the cost of enrononline and allows each of you to make sound financial decisions about your plans to use enrononline in 2002 .  please don ' t hesitate to call me before friday with questions , and i look forward to meeting with you .  brad richter
HAM Subject: tenaska iv adjustments 2001  here are some changes i need for the tenaska deal . let me know if you have any questions .  deal prod month  384258 may 2001 change demand fee from $ 2 , 026 , 347 . 17 to $ 1 , 926 , 685 . 34  514353 may 2001 change volume from 45 , 000 to 44 , 138 .  nominated supply 1 , 368 , 295 ( 44 , 138 / day )  actual deliveries 877 , 696  384258 june 2001 change demand fee from $ 3 , 938 , 205 . 00 to $ 3 , 578 , 257 . 50  514353 june 2001 change volume from 45 , 000 to 53 , 733  thanks ,  megan
HAM Subject: re : introduction  thanks ,  subroto  original message - - - - -  from : ? vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]  sent : ? ? monday , march 12 , 2001 7 : 39 pm  to : ? ? ? ? subroto . roy @ riskmetrics . com  subject : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? re : introduction  dear subroto ,  thanks for your message . here is my information :  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ? ? ? ( 713 ) 853 3848  ? ? ? ? ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell )  fax ? : ? ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  vince  subroto roy on 03 / 12 / 2001 11 : 28 : 52 am  to : ? ? " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' "  cc :  subject : ? introduction  dear vince :  it was a pleasure talking with you today , especially about risk management  and data opportunities . we appreciate your openness with respect to sharing  information about your business activity .  riskmetrics has grown rapidly in the last one year . we now have 370  institutional clients worldwide for our risk management software and data  products . we encourage you to visit our web site and our ' risk grades ' site  for risk measurements for retail clients . we look forward to meet with you  and your colleagues at enron .  sincerely ,  subroto roy  riskmetrics inc .  44 wall street  new york , ny 10005  t 212 - 981 - 7435 , f 212 - 981 - 7401  http : / / www . riskmetrics . com /  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  check the risk of your personal investments at http : / / www . riskgrades . com /
HAM Subject: fw : notes for var course  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : mccarthy , jane j  > sent : wednesday , 25 october 2000 16 : 55  > to : ' vkaminski @ aol . com '  > subject : notes for var course  >  > dr . kaminski ,  >  > i attended your var course in sydney in july , but when i went back to look  at the notes recently i found that i am missing some sections ( e . g . optimal  techniques for measuring var , using monte carlo techniques to accurately  calculate var , evaluating the impact of volatility and extreme values on  var ) . would you be able to send me a copy of your notes , as i am about to  embark on a var modelling exercise and i am sure they would be very useful .  >  > regards ,  > jane mccarthy  > manager market risk  > bhp co . pty ltd .  > lvl . 45 , 600 bourke street  > melbourne , vic 3000  > australia  >  > ph : 613 9 609 3860  > fax : 613 9 609 3861  > email : mccarthy . jane . j @ bhp . com . au  >  >  >  eom  notice - this message contains information intended only for the use of the  addressee named above . it may also be confidential and / or privileged . if  you are not the intended recipient of this message you are hereby notified  that you must not disseminate , copy or take any action in reliance on it . if  you have received this message in error please notify postmaster @ bhp . com .
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 12 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ;  start date : 1 / 12 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011218 . txt
HAM Subject: enron cost savings guidelines  effective , july 1 , 2001 , a number of measures and recommendations were implemented to reduce costs associated with travel , entertainment and professional services throughout enron . as ets employees , it is our responsibility to follow the enron - wide cost - savings guidelines below :  travel and business expenses  ? air travel - reducing air transportation costs is enron ' s top priority . please take advantage of enron ' s negotiated discounted airline fares by using clicktrip , the enron - managed online travel booking service , located at . although use of travel agency in the park ( " tap " ) or the global strategic sourcing ( gss ) - approved preferred travel agency for your location are still available , clicktrip is the tool we should all use .  clicktrip provides employees easy access to all travel and pricing options for their destination ( excluding proprietary carriers ) and assists employees in making the most cost - effective travel decisions by providing the most current information . in addition to bringing an estimated savings of 20 % , clicktrip is easy to use and is accessible 24 hours a day from any internet - enabled personal computer . after - hours telephone support is also available .  when making travel reservations , please purchase non - refundable coach tickets when flying in the u . s . , for these tickets can cost up to 65 % less than refundable tickets and can usually be changed , if necessary , for a $ 100 fee .  ? lodging and car rental - gss has negotiated preferred rates at a number of worldwide hotel chains , as well as with national and alamo car rental companies . for more detailed information , please visit .  ? on - line expense reporting - all requests for reimbursement of business - related expenses should be made through xms , the new on - line expense account reporting tool . please access xms at .  ? off - site meetings - to schedule off - site meetings and events for more than 10 people , please contact tracy ramsey , gss director , travel and transportation services portfolio team at ( 713 ) 646 - 8311 .  for information on all travel services , please contact tracy ramsey at ( 713 ) 646 - 8311 .  professional services  to better leverage enron ' s purchasing power , all new professional service expenditure arrangements including legal , financial , accounting , engineering , information technology and others , and those due for renewal , must be negotiated through , or in consultation with , gss . contracts for more than $ 5 , 000 must be pre - approved by both gss and ets . prior to engaging gss , please submit all service requisition forms to rod hayslett , danny mccarty , phil lowry or me for business unit approval .  to comply with the professional service procedure , a professional services requisition form must be completed . this requisition can be accessed on - line at , or by contacting ron l . smith , gss director , administrative and indirect services portfolio team at ( 713 ) 345 - 6329 .  additional information about enron ' s cost - saving initiative will be on etv , in ebiz and enron business , as well as in information booths in the enron building .  as we all work together to reduce costs across enron , please forward additional cost - saving ideas to .  if you have additional questions , please contact derryl cleaveland , gss senior director of operations , at ( 713 ) 646 - 7024 .  stan
HAM Subject: updated for march  i have added a swing on mobil oil and moved the sale number over to the swing  column for equistar .
HAM Subject: epe lending agreement : please read  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : symes , kate  sent : monday , july 23 , 2001 3 : 14 pm  to : dl - portland real time shift  subject :  we have entered into another lending agreement with el paso for tuesday , 7 / 24 . i ' ve entered deals to show this in our system as a purchase from el paso at $ 4 ( fee for lending - to be changed if we end up actually purchasing from el paso ) and a sale to stsw . this is a 25 mw on peak schedule ( tag entered by lisa gang ) to be delivered at palo verde . we need to send 25 mws ( zero price ) to epe real - time at pv to fulfil our part of the agreement . following are the terms of these deals :  697528 - stwbom buys epe  hlh @ pv  25 mw @ $ 4  ( this price represents el paso ' s fee for lending )  697536 - stwbom sells stsw  hlh @ pv  25 mw @ $ 68  let me know if you have any questions .  thanks ,  kate
HAM Subject: fw : status  please advise .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : brownfeld , gail  sent : thursday , november 29 , 2001 9 : 34 am  to : mcclellan , george ; haedicke , mark e . ; shankman , jeffrey a . ;  mcconnell , mike  subject : re : status  i agree with george and think that we need to get these guys paid , if possible .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : mcclellan , george  sent : thursday , november 29 , 2001 8 : 52 am  to : haedicke , mark e . ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; mcconnell , mike  cc : brownfeld , gail  subject : fw : status  guys - we have a $ 50 mm claim riding on this - it would appear that we have nothing but upside - if we lose we won ' t pay - if we win it ' s cash to us . brobeck is owed $ 2 mm - and we obviously need to pay the experts as well .  mark - i need some guidance on this - please advise . thanks ,  george  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : markel , gregory a . [ mailto : gmarkel @ brobeck . com ]  sent : thursday , november 29 , 2001 8 : 02 am  to : mcclellan , george ; brownfeld , gail  subject : status  we are continuing trial today . our experts ( seth and kip ) are refusing to  work because they have not been paid . this obiously will create problems if  we want to pursue our claim ( as we should do ) . thank you for your help in  making all possible efforts that payments .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net )  this email message is for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) and may contain confidential and privileged information . any unauthorized review , use , disclosure or distribution is prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient , please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message .  to reply to our email administrator directly , send an email to postmaster @ brobeck . com  brobeck phleger & harrison llp  http : / / www . brobeck . com
HAM Subject: pac reminder  last month you received an email about enrolling in the enron pac . the  response has been positive .  thank you to those of you that have already enrolled or made a change to your  current contribution !  if you have not had an opportunity to visit the enrollment site , please  consider taking a moment to do so . the link to the website is at the end of  this message .  some of you may have experienced problems launching the site or enrolling .  we apologize for any trouble that you may have had . the enrollment works  best in either internet explorer or netscape . the most frequent problems  were a result of the lotus notes web browser that many employees have  installed as a default browser . if this is your case , please copy and paste  the link at the end of this message into either internet explorer or netscape .  as a reminder - following is the original message regarding the pac  enrollment :  last year the enron political action committee ( pac ) launched a campaign to  become a " million dollar pac " . enron employees , who provide all of the  funding for the pac , responded and the enron pac reached its objective ,  becoming one of the largest corporate pacs . this year we face a new  challenge . with the sale of eog , the announced sale of pge and normal  employee turnover , we have lost a significant number of consistent  contributors . we are seeking your support . if you are not a member , please  join . if you are a member , we hope you will consider increasing your  contribution .  the enron pac is an essential tool in our effort to promote sound public  policy . our pac funds support local , state and federal candidates , of both  parties , who support open markets , deregulation and customer choice . amounts  contributed may be used to make political contributions in connection with  federal and state elections and are subject to the limits of the federal  election campaign act . while our pac has grown thanks to our employee  contributions , it still generates just a fraction of the expenditures of  those who oppose these ideals .  this year , as always , we face challenges and opportunities for every one of  our businesses , including such issues as taxation and regulation of  e - commerce , electric industry restructuring , regulation of derivatives ,  international trade and investment legislation , pipeline safety , local and  state decisions affecting the siting and interconnection of power plants and  a variety of environmental and tax issues . enron has a long and successful  track record of supporting and advancing good public policy . that track  record depends on access to and regular communication with , decision makers .  the pac provides that access - - it shows policy makers that real voters care  about what they are doing .  one of the best things about enron is that we don  , t just take things as they  are . we challenge the status quo . we ask why . we change things . the pac  helps us do that . we need you to help the pac . sign up today  ) and please  consider the following contribution guidelines :  manager $ 500 / year  director $ 750 / year  sr . director / general manager $ 1 , 000 / year  vice president $ 2 , 500 / year  sr . vp / managing director $ 3 , 500 / year  executive committee $ 5 , 000 / year  all contributions are voluntary and these guidelines are merely suggestions .  you are free to contribute more or less than the guidelines suggested and  enron will not favor or disadvantage anyone by reason of the amount of their  contribution or their decision not to contribute . you may refuse to  contribute without fear of reprisal .  only u . s . citizens and resident - aliens living in the u . s . can contribute to  the enron pac . amounts contributed may be used to make contributions in  connection with federal and state elections and are subject to the  limitations of the federal election campaign act . the maximum contribution  is $ 5 , 000 per year per individual . an individual may not contribute more  than $ 25 , 000 to all federal candidates and committees within a calendar  year . the law requires that enron report name , address , employer and  occupation for every person who contributes over $ 200 / year .  no portion of any contribution is deductible as a charitable contribution for  federal income tax purposes .  thanks for your support ! sign up now , or revise your current contribution  level by connecting with the pac intranet site :  http : / / pacmembers . enron . com
HAM Subject: review of business unit internal controls  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by veronica valdez / hou / ect on 02 / 11 / 2000  04 : 06 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ted murphy  02 / 11 / 2000 04 : 06 pm  sent by : veronica valdez  to : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : review of business unit internal controls  attached is a document that i am not sure is entirely necessary ; however ,  depending on the response will indicate the need for implementation .
HAM Subject: re : capacity posting procedures  pursuant to our meeting , i was to check the posting timelines to see if we could make the 1 day category , include 5 months or less rather than less than 5 months . based on a recent decision ( march 16 , 2001 ) in columbia gas transmission co , i think we can . in columbia , the commission approved columbia ' s proposal to establish an interactive auction process in which firm capacity available for less than one year would be posted for an initial one hour period from 7 : 00 am to 8 : 00 a . m . capacity offered for one year or more would be subject to an initial posting period of 5 days . this indicates movement by the commission to much shorter posting periods for capacity available for less than one year . i think we can modify our procedures to include up to 5 months in the 1 day posting category . however , we may want to consider combining the 3 day category and 1 day category into one 1 day category for capacity offered for less than one year . in addition , for capacity offered for one year or more , columbia will advertise a proposed offer on its ebb one day prior to the five - day posting of the capacity . ( this supports a special posting in advance . ) although it is good to have these internal procedures , what is important to the commission is that pipeline tariffs set forth specific procedures regarding the availability of capacity .  the columbia order also gave guidance on when a pipeline has to accept a bid for max rates . columbia proposed that it not be required to sell capacity to shippers bidding the maximum rate for a term of less than 12 months until one day prior to the commencement of gas flow detailed in the auction package . the commission rejected this in favor of the industrials ' proposal : beginning 30 days before the capacity is available for service , columbia must accept bids at the max rate for a term of five months to less than 12 months . beginning seven days before the capacity is available , columbia must accept maximum rate bids for terms of more than one month to less tha 5 months . columbia must accept maximum rate bids for a term of one month or less one day before gas flows .  thanks , maria  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : hass , glen  sent : wednesday , may 30 , 2001 4 : 32 pm  to : harris , steven ; miller , mary kay ; fossum , drew ; dornan , dari ; pavlou , maria ; pryor , tony ; donoho , lindy ; watson , kimberly ; darveaux , mary ; fawcett , jeffery ; lokay , michelle ; lindberg , lorraine ; lohman , tk ; kirk , steve ; paladino , ranelle  subject : capacity posting procedures  attached for your review is a redlined draft of tw ' s capacity posting procedure including changes suggested at our meeting yesterday . one remaining item is to decide whether capacity available for " less than 5 months " or " 5 months or less " will be designated as 1 day postings . please review and advise if you have any additional comments . thanks .  gh  >
HAM Subject: re : trademarks for newco  i am not sure . detmering has the latest draft and i think discussions are still going on  big focus is transition  greg piper
HAM Subject: southern trails receives final approval  ferc approves questar pipeline  the ferc has given final approval for a questar $ 155 million  pipeline project to transport natural gas to southern california from  the four corners area at the borders of new mexico , arizona , utah and  colorado . the ruling came after the commission was satisfied the  questar southern trails pipeline project would not harm the  environment . the project will consist of 693 miles of crude oil  pipeline that was bought by questar in 1998 from arco . the pipeline  will be converted for natural gas and several new compressors will be  built . the pipeline would be divided into a east zone and a west  zone . the east zone will begin in the san juan basin in new mexico  and end at the california border and carry up to 88 mmcf per day . the  west zone is within california and has a capacity of 120 mmcf per  day .
HAM Subject: interview with enron corp . research group  good afternoon mr . ball :  the enron corp . research group would like to conduct an informal interview  with you at your convenience . please give me some dates and times within  the next 2 weeks that you might be available and i will arrange the schedule .  the people that will be interviewing you are :  vince kaminski managing director  stinson gibner vice president  grant masson vice president  vasant shanbhogue vice president  krishna krishnarao director  zimin lu director  tanya tamarchenko manager  alex huang manager  each individual interview will last approximately 15 - 20 minutes , so we  probably  should allow at least 3 hours .  if you would prefer to call me with some dates and times - i can check  the calendars while we are talking .  look forward to hearing from you .  thank you .  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  research group  713 / 853 - 5290
HAM Subject: nomination 6 / 1 / 2000 - eastrans  this is to nominate 32 , 800 mmbtu / d into eastrans effective 6 / 1 / 2000 .  redeliveries will be made as follows :  25 , 000 into pg & e at carthage  7 , 800 from fuels cotton valley  duke - residue sales = 4 , 520 mmbtu .
HAM Subject: fw : producer one update  louise ,  i think what i really wanted to convey is the following :  1 . john grass originally headed up the wellhead desk and outsourcing efforts for the producer segment . i wanted him to do that because of the logistics overlap between purchasing wellhead gas and offering outsourcing services .  2 . when the volume of the wellhead desk started to increase and based on my frustation with the lack of " contract focus " with ocean energy , andex , and other producer outsourcing deals being pursued , i asked kevin miller to manage producer outsourcing and john grass to manage only the wellhead desk .  3 . based on kevin miller ' s memo ( attached below ) , the wellhead desk reporting into hunter , i have been questioning the value of a separate outsourcing effort independent of the wellhead desk .  regards , mrha  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : miller , kevin  sent : friday , october 12 , 2001 4 : 46 pm  to : mrha , jean  subject : producer one update  jean ,  per your request , attached herewith is the rather lengthy producer one update /  thanks . . . kevin
HAM Subject: fw : in case i forget  melissa ,  as delineated below , i spoke to louise and you will be her contact . i plan on delivering weekly updates to louise every tuesday from each of the business units .  thank you .  regards ,  jean  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 10 : 49 am  to : mrha , jean  subject : in case i forget  can you get someone in your group to take responsibility for getting me the deal status report you gave me earlier this week to me on a weekly basis with updates on each deal .  ( i am trying to get my life sorted out - prior to disappearing ) . .  i will be picking up emails after the initial pain is over .
HAM Subject: from the desk of bob virgo  louise :  i anticipate lydecker will ask for my services to assist him in the upcoming attempt to sell nepco . please make me unavailable for this duty . it will be too time consuming for me to get involved with .  thanks ,  bob virgo
HAM Subject: pleo 0004 2000  daren ,  when i look back in cpr for the delivery periods of 10 / 00 - 12 / 00 on cpr pipeline exchange , i do not see anything being flashed as an imbalance , i . e . the buys and sales always equal in cpr . however , we are booking an imbalance every month on the parking and lending contract . should there be something in cpr for these volumes ? let me know because it is causing an oa variance for us . thanks !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rita wynne / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 12 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : thu t nguyen 04 / 24 / 2001 12 : 14 pm  to : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : pleo 0004 2000  imbalances :  oct 26687  nov - 44177  dec - 9248
HAM Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback  note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer .  you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance  management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) .  your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation  is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals .  to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com  and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin  providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms  completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 .  if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the  process , please contact the pep help desk at :  houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4  london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4  email : perfmgmt @ enron . com  thank you for your participation in this important process .  the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a  status of " open . " once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request  for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list .  review group : enron  feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000  employee name supervisor name date selected  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  mcloughlin , hector sheila h walton oct 25 , 2000  port , david theodore r murphy ii oct 30 , 2000  walton , sheila h david oxley oct 27 , 2000
HAM Subject: income tax  hey ! tonya said to staple copy b of the w - 2 to the tax return - - but on the  one from camp it says copy c for payer or state copy , copy b for recipient  ( keep for your records ) . so which one do i send ? the one from the school  says send b but i ' m confused on the other one .  what did the doctor say about tonya & the due date ? love , ma  get your private , free email at http : / / www . hotmail . com
HAM Subject: re : weekly report  vasant ,  yes , it ' s perfect . please , indicate that the wording was unfortunate .  vince  vasant shanbhogue  03 / 08 / 2001 11 : 20 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : weekly report  hi vince ,  regarding david port ' s response to kevin kindall ' s email , i feel that i  should respond , at least to make our position clear . please indicate if the  following response is appropriate - - - - - - -  " hi david ,  i understand that you were slightly upset over a comment kevin kindall made  in one of his weekly reports . the intention was never to disparage anybody .  it is just that since research gets data from a large number of sources , we  feel obligated to the data donor to ask any requester for clarification of  need . i completely understand that rac typically has access to much  sensitive information and they have a right to know much information . we  just want to make sure there is open flow of information ( it is in  everybody ' s best interests and the company ' s best interests ) and that  everybody is aware of how data is flowing .  best wishes ,  vasant "  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2001  11 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : david port / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 08 / 2001 08 : 46 am  to : kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , rudi  zipter / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : weekly report  kevin - thanks for the update .  on the stock option plans , if your angle is what i suspect , i suggest you get  with rudi zipter , who has done a great deal of work on this exposure ,  including characterising and actually booking the short option positions in  enron ' s equity system . we are already working with ben glisan ' s team firming  up a hedging program . we are well advanced in this effort so if you get with  my people it could save you a great deal of time .  secondly , i am afraid i do take some exception to your references to naveen ' s  team in your last point . generally in rac i don ' t believe we are obliged to  explain why we need information , except as a courtesy - otherwise that would  compromise our role somewhat . specifically , i am aware of the sensitivity of  raptor , just as i am of the sensitivity of all the information my group is  privvy to on a daily basis . again , we have done a good deal of work on these  structures too ( i see a position report daily ) . as i have discussed with  vince , naveen ' s request would have been derived from a discussion we all had  with rick , concerning " meltdown " scenarios and their effect on , amongst other  things , funding vehicles .  but i would rather have had a conversation about this than see slightly  disparaging remarks about my people in email traffic .  rgds  dp  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kindall , kevin  sent : monday , march 05 , 2001 8 : 19 am  to : kaminski , vince ; shanbhogue , vasant  cc : port , david  subject : weekly report  >
HAM Subject: re : mpc march 2001  b -  we have checked out with our counterparties according to our numbers , but mpc claims they have done their control area checkouts and they stick by their numbers . there is a grey line here because the mw ' s that we are missing on those 5 days are actually ' in favor ' of the counterparty who we sold to , so it may be that they had a discrepancy , but did not pipe up .  none - the - less , if i ' adjust our system accordingly ' ( meaning , put the trades in or increase the # of mw ' s ) , we ' ll have to hear from those counterparties . i ' m planning on telling them that the control area checkouts have been done and that they need to check their control area numbers . i think sandy at mpc will be willing to support us if our sale counterparties want proof .  let me know if you have any other thoughts .  thanks to kate for all her help .  va  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : williams iii , bill  sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 4 : 20 pm  to : thompson , virginia  subject : re : mpc march 2001  what do you mean adjust our system according to mpc ' s numbers until you do ?  are we correct ? if the answer is yes . tell mpc we are correct , we have checked out with our counterparties ( thereby verifying our incredible correctness ) , but . . because we love them so much . . . we will . . . this time only . . . take it in the proverbial shorts . next time . . . it will of course . . . be there turn . . .  good luck and thanks for your help .  b  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : thompson , virginia  sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 4 : 15 pm  to : williams iii , bill  cc : symes , kate  subject : mpc march 2001  bill -  as we have been back and forth for 5 months now , there has to be a decision made on the montana imbalance piece for march 2001 .  kate and i have done everything to find information to support ours or mpc ' s numbers and we have knocked out most of the issues , however , there are 6 discrepancies that we do not agree on and both we and mpc are standing on our numbers . i have filled out tape requests for these 6 . please keep in mind , though , that we do not have access to these tapes ( and have not had since april ) . these requests will go to tim .  five disputes are for mw or to add a deal . these will be deals that we will not be negatively affected by as we will pass them thru to another counterparty . the only problem i can forsee is that the other counterparty will dispute the ' pass thru ' , especially since we have already checked out with them .  only one dispute ( a pricing issue ) could potentially leave us with a negative $ 1500 dpr .  i need you to make the call today . kate has the tape requests in her posession as well as all of the backup information from the research that we have done .  if i don ' t hear from you by tomorrow morning , i ' ll adjust our system according to mpc ' s numbers until i do .  thanks ,  virginia
HAM Subject: the dot is here .  it ' s six months into the new millennium . where do you get your company  news ? enron , cited as the most innovative company in america for five years  in a row , prints a newsletter every two months . we could reorganize entire  business units between issues . twice .  don ' t worry . our printed newsletter isn ' t going anywhere ; it ' s still the  best way to bring you detailed accounts of enron ' s long - term business  direction and achievements .  let ' s just say that print has a new friend . and - - you guessed it - - that  friend is the dot . as in " dot . com " ; as in you now have an online connection  for fast - breaking news about and around enron . it ' s called ebiz , and it will  change the way you get news . it might even change the way you think about  news .  ebiz will come racing across the enron intranet on home . enron . com every two  weeks , and we will post breaking news and announcements as they happen . the  news in ebiz will be so fresh and timely and fun to read , you may have to  skip your morning coffee so you don ' t miss anything .  get ready , get set , get connected with ebiz .
HAM Subject: north central oil corp . - 2 / 01  vance ,  the following deals changed effective 2 / 1 / 01 :  deal # meter # trade zone original volume revised volume price  138550 98 - 0071 8 15 , 000 0 100 % ifhsc less $ 0 . 05  597360 98 - 6296 1 0 15 , 000 98 % ifhsc less $ 0 . 05  bob
HAM Subject: pricing needed  citgo refinery - corpus ship channel  nov 01 - 10 , 000 / d  dec 01 - 10 , 000 / d  and a nov - dec 01  need el paso / valero numbers  like to see crosstex numbers from banquette / tejas  sterling chemical - tx city  dec 01 - 7 , 000 / d  el paso / valero  hpl - preferred delivery to balance internal systems  tejas  i spoke with dan burns at el paso yesterday .  he notionally gave me a $ 0 . 04 rate from exxon clear lake  or comparable source . seems a bit high .  hpl quoted us $ 0 . 025 from katy on the marathon refinery  rfp last week but they wanted $ 0 . 25 for swing transport .  gary talked to exxon and tejas about sourcing gas into  crosstex ( was cc transmission ) at banquette . exxon  apparently sells their equity gas at the tailgate of king ranch  because of recent changes or elimination of their tejas  transportation agreement / s .  lets discuss ,  mk
HAM Subject: nomination 3 / 21 / 2000  this is to have written record of nom on 3 / 21 / 2000 and following .  the nomination into eastrans is 75 , 000 mmbtu , but since  pg & e cut hpl ' s contract effective 3 / 21 / 2000 to 44 , 482 from 50 , 000 ,  the redeliveries will be as follows :  44 , 482 to pg & e  21 , 518 to mobil beaumont  3 , 000 int o cartwheel at carthage
HAM Subject: revised avails  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 05 / 25 / 2000  03 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " jacqueline blanchard " on 05 / 25 / 2000 03 : 14 : 16  pm  to :  cc :  subject : revised avails  ami ,  please see the attached revised availabilities effective may 27 , 2000 .  jacqueline blanchard  contract analyst  devon energy corporation  ( 405 ) 228 - 4204  ( 405 ) 552 - 4664  jacqueline . blanchard @ dvn . com  - text . htm  - wc 580 . xls  - ei 330 - b . xls  - ei 365 . xls  - smi 23 . xls  - ss 154 . xls  - ss 198 - h . xls  - ei 305 . xls
HAM Subject: indian springs  i need hpl sales and purchases , back dated to 8 / 99 between hpl and teco to  book any processing revenue or losses . apparently this is in addition to the  current deal in place and is priced at at different rate . please let me know  when these tickets are in place so that i can get track id ' s and finalize  this issue .  thank you ,  mary
HAM Subject: fw : special prayer request  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : celestedeo @ aol . com  sent : tuesday , april 11 , 2000 1 : 21 pm  subject : special prayer request  hi ,  i am coming to you with a very special prayer request . we have some good  friends here in nashville , mark and melanie burress and their one year old  baby gracie , who have recently received some devastating news . mark was  diagnosed in december with leukemia . his is normally a very slow spreading  form of the disease but unfortunately his is spreading extremely fast . he  also has a rare dna type and only about 12 people on the bone marrow donor  list ( out of 4 . 5 million ) were possible matches and all have since been  elimnated . we held a bone marrow drive in his behalf at church this past  weekend and over 1200 people came to donate . this amazed the people running  the drive because they said they normally get a few hundred at the most .  if a donor is not found by june his chances are very , very slim to live to  july . he has chosen to have his bone marrow transplant in houston at the  anderson hospital so i am asking if there is anyone in houston who knows of  a  strong , supportive congregation near the hospital that they may attend ( when  possible ) while they are there , that would be greatly appreciated . if a  donor is located , they say the transplant procedure is very difficult and he  won ' t be able to have any contact with his baby for several months due to  his  immune system being weakened . as you can imagine , this would put his wife  in  a severe state of limbo , having to be primary caregiver to someone who is  incapacitated and a baby without the two being able to be together .  it is difficult to watch someone with so much to give and so much to live  for  to be facing such a hard fight . please keep his family in your prayers and  i  know if there is a miracle with marks ' name on it , god will provide it .  if you could please pass this on to the chi sigs / regina list , every little  prayer they get will be appreciated .  thank you !  celeste ( sasser ) ortega
HAM Subject: it support for research weather group  mark ,  first let me say thank you for your assistance in making it possible for  meteorologists tony hamilton and stephen bennett to hit the groung running  this week when they came over to london from houston . when we came into our  offices in houston monday morning , tony and steve had already gathered and  analyzed their data , prepared reports and were ready for the avistar  briefings ! the cross - atlantic communication and data - sharing and manipulation  went seamlessly ! we have great expectations for continued synergy with this  new set - up .  the research weather group is excited about our expanded responsibilities in  london . we are committed to maximizing the value added we can provide to the  weather derivatives , crude & products , uk trading , continental power , and  analytics efforts . we are , however , also extremely dependent on computers  and communication , associated software and peripherals . plus the datastreams  we access and the reports we generate are very time - critical in their value  to traders . we need a very stable environment , with reliable back - up and  24 - hour support to fulfill our commitments to providing the trading operation  with timely , never - fail research and information flows .  so , thanks again , and please do whatever you can to continue this high level  of support by passing this letter of praise and thanks to your team , and show  them our appreciation for your efforts .  mike roberts
HAM Subject: re : newco regulatory list  charles and susan are in the building . robert where can i find you to discuss some issues ?  jim  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : jones , robert w . - hr exec  sent : tuesday , december 04 , 2001 8 : 49 pm  to : kitchen , louise  cc : kean , steven j . ; steffes , james d .  subject : re : newco regulatory list  done . both called . susan will be in tomorrow and report to jim steffes . charles expressed some concern and will call jim tomorrow to discuss role .  r -  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : tuesday , december 04 , 2001 8 : 23 pm  to : jones , robert w . - hr exec  subject : fw : newco regulatory list  please get those two people back .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kean , steven j .  sent : tuesday , december 04 , 2001 3 : 41 pm  to : kitchen , louise  cc : linnell , elizabeth  subject : re : newco regulatory list  charles yeung and susan lindberg were not on your list yesterday and so they were let go . call me .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : tuesday , december 04 , 2001 3 : 23 pm  to : kean , steven j . ; steffes , james d .  subject : newco regulatory list  regulatory  s . montovano - e . gas  j . dosovich - w . gas  c . nicolay - ferc  alan comnes west power  s . walton - e . power  j steffes  charles yeung ercot  susan lindberg  sarah novosel ferc  are all of these people still here ? we obviously hope so , as we would like them for newco
HAM Subject: re : meter # : 1266 ; august 2000 / allocation exception  should i roll this deal to cover august 2000 activity ?  volumes todate are as follows : 82 mm 8 / 16  85 mm 8 / 17  65 mm 8 / 18  57 mm 8 / 19  60 mm 8 / 20  sitara ticket # : 363514  these small meter flows are causing allocation exceptions for august .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 21 / 2000  01 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : robert e lloyd 08 / 11 / 2000 03 : 17 pm  to : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect  cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 11 / 2000  03 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : robert e lloyd on 08 / 11 / 2000 03 : 16 pm  to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception  the volumes are as follows : july lst 414 mmbtu  july 31 12 mmbtu  total : 426 mmbtu ' s  also , the sitara deal # is : 363514  from : lee l papayoti on 08 / 11 / 2000 02 : 02 pm  to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect  cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception  please set up a ticket priced at gas daily houston ship channel midpoint  minus $ 0 . 03  also , can you let me know the exact volumes in question on july 1 and july  31 ? dorcheus wants to know . me too .  thanks  lee  to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect  cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception  just a reminder that " allocation close " is monday , august 14 th .  a sitara ticket is needed to set up an acctg . arrangement which will  eliminate the allocation exception for meter # 981266  { victoria station # 2 / brandywine } .  from : lee l papayoti on 08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 33 pm  to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception  i ' ll get you a price tomorrow when i meet with him . . .  from : robert e lloyd 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 50 pm  to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect  cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita  wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect  subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception  i spoke with bob dorcheus , brandywine about this issue and he suggest you  and he get together and agree on a  price because the gas flowed into the plant .  this gas flowed without a nomination .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000  12 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : gary a hanks 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 27 am  to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect  cc : earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita  wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect  subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception  the volumes on meter # 1266 for 7 / 1 / 00 and 7 / 31 / 00 are valid gas flow . 7 / 1 / 00  volumes are carry over from june activity ( meter was shut in a little after  9 : 00 am on 7 / 1 / 00 ) . 7 / 31 / 00 volumes were caused by the plant bringing on  the meter before 9 : 00 am on 8 / 1 / 00 .  if you have any questions please call . 36449 .  thanks  gary h  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 18  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : robert e lloyd 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 17 am  to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect  cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b  camp / hou / ect @ ect  subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception  please verify the volume on meter # : 1266 for july lst & 31 st are valid gas  flow .  brandywine did not nominate any activity at this meter for july 2000 .
HAM Subject: flexible physical us nat gas products on enrononline  wanted to give you a heads up to these flexible physical deals that might  involve your desks via eol in the near future . we already have one in the  east . i stressed to the sitara / eol folks the importance of adding comments  to the term sections of these baseload and term tickets so we know what is  happening . one side of these buy / sell or exchange deals will be ratable and  the corresponding partner ticket will have the optionality . comments will  include the corresponding deal number , that it is in fact a buy / sell or  exchange deal and the delivery time period ( 3 , 5 or 10 days ) that the  counterparty desires .  i hope this helps . . . thanks !  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by victor lamadrid / hou / ect on 06 / 27 / 2000  02 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : thomas engel 06 / 26 / 2000 11 : 49 am  to : linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , karen lambert / hou / ect @ ect , larry joe  hunter / hou / ect @ ect , dale neuner / hou / ect @ ect , victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect  cc : bob bowen / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect  subject : flexible physical us nat gas products on enrononline  can you all meet this afternoon or tomorrow to discuss this .  call me 3 - 1488 .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thomas engel / hou / ect on 06 / 26 / 2000 11 : 42  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : scott mills 06 / 23 / 2000 09 : 51 am  to : thomas engel / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , karen  lambert / hou / ect @ ect , bob bowen / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : flexible physical us nat gas products on enrononline  got any ideas on how this transaction should look . this looks like a monthly  volume that would be further refined to daily on the expected volumes once  the counterparty has made their decision ( i would imagine logistics will be  the one communicating with the counterparty ) . we probably need eol to  indicate whether it is a 3 , 5 , 10 day delivery cycle and then indicate this  as comments .  linda / karen - what are your thoughts on how separate gtc would work on this .  if we could all do a little homework . i will get something scheduled for  next week to discuss further .  srm ( x 33548 )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by scott mills / hou / ect on 06 / 23 / 2000 09 : 37  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  dale neuner 06 / 23 / 2000 08 : 40 am  to : david forster / corp / enron @ enron , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , scott  mills / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , tom moran / hou / ect @ ect , debbie  r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , mark taylor / hou / ect @ ect , stacy e dickson / hou / ect @ ect ,  jeffrey t hodge / hou / ect @ ect , jeff blumenthal / hou / ect @ ect , stephen h  douglas / hou / ect @ ect , rudi zipter / hou / ect @ ect , imelda frayre / hou / ect @ ect ,  larrissa sharma / hou / ect @ ect , torrey moorer / hou / ect @ ect , frank l  davis / hou / ect @ ect , melba lozano / hou / ect @ ect , robert b cass / hou / ect @ ect ,  jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect , bob bowen / hou / ect @ ect , larry joe  hunter / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer blay / hou / ect @ ect  cc : scott hendrickson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : flexible physical us nat gas products on enrononline  we are positioning ourselves to release a new product type that we will refer  to as a flexible physical gas product . legal is in the process of drafting a  gtc and product type description that will be used with this product type . i  will start the building process once legal provides the gtc and product type  description ; but in the interim , here ' s a broadstroke description of how the  transaction works :  party a and party b exchange gas during the month of june 2000 .  party a buys 10 , 000 mmbtu per day ( or 300 , 000 total mmbtu ) at tco pool index  party b has the right to notify party a of when party b wants to take  delivery during the month of june , and may take delivery in one of three  forms : 3 - day delivery , 5 - day delivery , or 10 - day delivery . the gas nominated  for each such day would be a percentage of the total 300 , 000 mmbtu ( i . e . ; if  party b chooses 5 days for nomination , party a would deliver 20 % of the  300 , 000 mmbtu on each of those 5 days for a total nom of 100 % ) . party b pay  tco pool index plus a premium .  i understand that this type of transaction is currently done  over - the - counter . scott mills has previously issued an explanatory e - mail of  sitara concerns and we should begin to address those issues .  bjorn - if you could ask someone to prepare a sigma factor in advance , then  my turn around time to for the product type should be reduced . also , due to  the varying ' optionality ' , do you think these three different products will  require three different product types ?  please feel free to call if you have any questions .  dale  3 - 9746
HAM Subject: tw weekly 10 - 26 - 00  please see attached file and call me if you have any questions at  ( 281 ) 647 - 0769 .
HAM Subject: entouch newsletter  business highlights  enron industrial markets  enron industrial markets has recently completed the first transaction for a  new 60 - day fixed price product for the lumber industry . available for  delivery in houston and dallas , the product is offered by enron in the  over - the - counter market and via clickpaper . com , enron  , s internet - based  transaction system dedicated to the forest products industry . the first  transaction was completed via clickpaper . com on march 14 with a major lumber  buyer in the southern united states . this represents the first online fixed  price transaction contract in the industry . with the growing volatility in  the lumber industry , the availability of a long - term fixed price product  provides companies with another opportunity to mitigate their exposure .  additionally , this transaction represents the convergence of enron  , s  increasing involvement in physical lumber transactions with our recognized  expertise in financial risk management .  in addition , eim has announced that it has completed its acquisition of the  quebec city , canada newsprint mill and related assets from daishowa forest  products ltd . in july 2000 , enron purchased garden state paper , a recycled  newsprint mill located in garfield , nj . the acquisition of the daishowa mill  now positions enron as the seventh largest producer of newsprint in north  america . the daishowa mill in quebec city will now be called papiers  stadacona . the new name has great historical significance to the local  community in quebec city . when jacques cartier first explored the mouth of  the st . charles river in 1535 , the aboriginal people living there referred to  the village as stadacona . this is now the site of modern - day quebec city .  enron freight markets  in march , enron freight markets ( efm ) completed the acquisition of webmodal ,  inc to help launch the traditional intermediary transportation business . efm  also started its spot trading business and completed 981 transactions in its  first month .  east power origination  on tuesday , april 3 , the st . lucie county commission voted 3 - 2 to approve the  midway energy center near fort pierce , florida , which is a 510 megawatt  peaking power plant . next steps for this facility include receiving a water  permit from the south florida water management district and an environmental  resource permit ( erp ) from the florida department of environmental protection .  enron canada  ken lay addressed a breakfast meeting of the toronto board of trade on  wednesday , april 4 , as part of the " power breakfast series " . his topic was  " moving forward with electricity deregulation . " before his speech , the  chairman of the board of trade commented that " this was the best attendance  ever " at one of their breakfast meetings . after the meeting , mr . lay spoke  with reporters from reuters , the globe and mail , the national post , and  report on business tv emphasizing enron ' s commitment to deregulation of the  ontario power market .  in the news  japan : enron presents power plant plan to japan government  tokyo , u . s . - based enron corp on wednesday presented plans to build a  liquefied natural gas ( lng ) fired power plant in northern japan , aiming to  become the first foreign company to build such a plant in japan . the move  brings enron one step closer to realizing its plan to build a power plant  with an initial capacity of two million kilowatts in aomori prefecture .  " we submitted our basic plan to build the plant to the governor of aomori  prefecture today in line with last november ' s announcement , " tatsuro seguchi ,  president of enron corp ' s japanese affiliate encom corp , told a news  conference . " we are aiming to start construction of the plant in 2004 and  start operations by 2007 since japan ' s power market is one of our highest  priorities , " he said . 03 / 28 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c )  reuters limited 2001 .  welcome  new hires  egm - lyelle bellard , damian nelson , edward soo , jonathan whitehead  eim - elsa aguilar , melia dickson , john hark , phaedra jones , maricar jose ,  ian mccrory , mirella bertrone , roland holub , arthur miller , miriam watson ,  richard albert , randy biagini , thomas duchnicki , diego tabbachino  ena - mitra mujica , karen phillips , sarah domonoskie , kelly donlevy - lee  transfers ( to or within )  ena - john moore , mitchell robinson , larry valderrama , holden salisbury ,  grace rodriguez , mary martinez , dominic carolan , kari oquinn , katherine  kelly , david fuller , anguel grigorov , oren zimmerman , chuanli deng , glenn  surowiec , tharsilla broussard , geynille dillingham , philip conn , lola  weller , christina brandli , noemi camacho , randel young , ina rangel  egm - shelia benke , homer lin , william mckone , william berkeland , valarie  curry , tomas tellez  eim - allen ueckert , john w . jennings , sarveen kohli  nuggets & notes  the next ews brown bag is scheduled for april 19 with tim battaglia  discussing the steel industry .  legal stuff  the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary  to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only  and should not be disclosed .
HAM Subject: quick note  louise :  i just wanted to send you a quick note with the hope that you might have a chance to read your e - mail . it seemed more awkward to me to try and catch you in person giving the frenetic pace and fluidity of our situation .  basically all i want to tell you is that i ' m here to help in this process , and encourage you to let me know if there is anything else in particular i can help on . i have spoken and offered the same directly to miller , calger and duran . i ' m not telling folks this out of lack of current work flow . as i think you know , the development group is in the middle of several active transactions that we expect to close in the near term , and we remain keenly focused on making these deals happen ( as evidenced by the $ 1 . 375 million doyle insurance settlement finalized today ) .  i ' m approaching you and others specifically because i have 2 years of chapter 11 bankruptcy experience . prior to me joining enron in may of 1998 , i was with kenetech corporation ( a 1 , 200 employee publicly traded ipp ) . in 1996 ( after having worked as an originator at kenetech since 1990 ) , kenetech filed for chapter 11 . as part of the chapter 11 process , i was one of 6 senior commercial employees retained by the company to be responsible for liquidating the company ' s assets . as such , i am very familiar with the chapter 11 process , and how deals get done in this context . enron is obviously of a far greater magnitude , but i believe the basic skills and experience are directly applicable .  again , as we go through this process , i just wanted to make you aware of my experience in this area , and let you know that i stand ready , willing and eager to take on additional tasks .  with respect to our current deal flow , i also wanted to let you know we are working on the following which i will get to you by friday ( or earlier if need be ) :  1 . transaction list , status , and valuation ;  2 . site bank summary and exit / monetization strategy ;  3 . projected site bank maintenance budget .  i will , of course , also provide this information to miller , calger and duran .  best regards ,  ben
HAM Subject: re : chapter 3 revisions  dear vince and grant ,  please find attached our butchering of your work ( only joking . . . ) . we ' ve  tied the chapter in with what has gone before and changed some of your  notation so that it is consistent with ours .  vince ; could you please send thru the footnotes referred to in the chapter  at your convenience . could you also please supply a full reference for  routledge , seppi , spatt ( 1999 ) .  grant ; i hope you don ' t mind we ' ve called pdjd just jd ( to fit in more with  our work ) . please also can you supply the last figure before you disappear !  do you want us to write the summary ?  many thanks again for all your efforts . it ' s all looking good .  best regards .  chris .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : grant masson  to : chris strickland  sent : tuesday , june 27 , 2000 8 : 54 am  subject : re : chapter 3 revisions  >  >  >  > chris :  >  > i can ' t decide if i should take your silence over the past several weeks  to mean  > that you are getting stuck into finishing up the book or you are just so  > thoroughly disgusted with our work that you would like to wash your hands  of us .  >  > i ' ve been stuck on trying to get the last figure mentioned in the chapter  into a  > format that i like . the problem is the volatility found in the  regressions is  > on the order of several hundred percent , and so when i plot the historical  data  > next to a simulated curve over the course of the year , the simulated curve  tends  > to drift up or down stupidly both in the jump diffusion and garch + jump  diffusion  > model . any suggestions would be accepted with pleasure . i wonder if i  should  > skip the figure . it seems a pity to do so however , because otherwise the  last  > section comes off as a bit of an afterthought , and i would like to present  a  > practical example . again any guidance would be appreciated .  >  > anyway , i am sending you a somewhat improved draft now ( minus only the  last  > figure ) , rather than sit on the whole thing while i stew on this bit , i  hope  > this will be useful to you . because i am leaving for holidays at the end  of the  > week , i can guarantee you that you will have a final draft before then .  >  > regards ,  > grant .  > ( see attached file : cs 260600 . doc )  >  - ed _ co 3 _ volatility . zip
HAM Subject: re : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit  ehud ,  june 22 works for me . do you want to firm it up ?  vince  " ehud i . ronn " on 05 / 25 / 2000 06 : 45 : 49 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit  vince ,  many thanks for your e - mail .  > what about june 22 ? i have several trips in between may 25 and june 22 .  i thank you for the invitation . may i at this time acquire an " option " to  visit on that date , with the finalization of the visit ' s timing to be  completed early next month ?  thanks and best regards ,  ehud  ehud i . ronn  department of finance  college and graduate school of business  university of texas at austin  austin , tx . 78712 - 1179  voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853  fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073  internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu  
HAM Subject: txu nom . for 9 / 27 / 00  ls katy ic will remain on zero . will try to pull firm gas at teco as system  conditions allow .  ( see attached file : hplo 927 . xls )  - hplo 927 . xls
HAM Subject: dabhol power company caps  vince  we have completed the valuation of the above interest rate caps as  requested . i have faxed a copy of the attached files to your attention at  ( 713 ) 646 2503 .  please let us know if we can help again .  regards ,  leslie abreo  andrew kalotay associates , inc .  61 broadway , ste 3025  new york ny 10006  phone : ( 212 ) 482 0900  fax : ( 212 ) 482 0529  email : leslie . abreo @ kalotay . com  visit aka ' s website at http : / / www . kalotay . com  - cap valuation _ 0900 . doc  - dabhol power co caps . xls
HAM Subject: hpl nom for sept . 14 , 2000  ( see attached file : hplo 914 . xls )  - hplo 914 . xls
HAM Subject: fw : stalin quote  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : carol covington  sent : friday , november 17 , 2000 3 : 35 pm  to : david heineke ; jim wallis ; ricky stewart  subject : fw : stalin quote  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : julie wright [ smtp : julie @ rpcga . com ]  sent : friday , november 17 , 2000 3 : 30 pm  to : jim love ; patsy henry ; candy grant ; carol covington ; faye click  subject : stalin quote  > " those who cast the votes decide nothing .  > those who count the votes decide everything . "  >  > - josef stalin  >
HAM Subject: panda update  spoke with jim adams at panda this p . m . his new guy steve curley is now on board working transportation for panda . jim and steve will likely call us tues pm or wed with a short list of questions on the project . jim is also waiting on feedback from teco on our proposal .  kh
HAM Subject: confirmations  just talked to steve jackson at aep and it looks like they may want to use  decaf to do intramonth confirmations .  we will have to come up with a way to confirm just certain deals and not all deals .  i will add to the meeting for next week .  thanks  bob
HAM Subject: planned pre prc meetings  sally ,  as of this date our assistant tells me that the following pre - prc meetings  are scheduled :  brent price will meet on 6 / 15  brenda herod will meet on 6 / 13  sheila glover stated she will have the meeting ad hoc .  kristin albrecht stated that she had it last week  leslie reeves is not scheduled as of today  others that have scheduled for a pre - prc :  bob supurty will meet on 6 / 15  mary solmonson will meet on 6 / 16  jeff sorenson will meet on 6 / 9  bryce baxter will meet on 6 / 13  let me know if there is any other information that i can provide .  hector
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ;  start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012518 . txt
HAM Subject: fw : king  i think i can get jeff king done with a simple title change from associate director to director with no salary change . his current salary is already director level type comp . i potentially may need another 25 k , but the title is a " feel good " issue that is important to jeff . please talk to doug directly on the justification .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : gilbert - smith , doug  sent : thursday , january 17 , 2002 3 : 51 pm  to : presto , kevin m .  subject : king  please look into the title change we discussed .  thanks ,  doug
HAM Subject: year - to - date deal report  attached is the year - to - date deal report through 11 / 14 / 01 .  lex carroll  enron east power marketing , inc .  midwest origination  713 - 853 - 5426
HAM Subject: ideabank website  please read the attached document for information about an exciting new  website for ets employees !
HAM Subject: iif / oxan - info sources  vince ,  we would like to continue to receive the iif service for a cost to the  research group of $ 15 , 000 per annum . can i ask you to approve this charge ?  please let me know if you ' d like to discuss . we decided to cancel the oxford  analytica service ( daily country briefs and access to the website ) as we are  getting consensus forecasts for fx and inflation from another source , so we  will not be subject to the $ 10 , 000 fee referenced below .  thanks ,  gwyn  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 02 / 13 / 2001 01 : 55  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  robert johnston @ ect  02 / 13 / 2001 09 : 46 am  to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron  cc : scott tholan / corp / enron @ enron  subject : iif / oxan  hi maureen and gwyn -  on the oxford analytica front , i ' m glad you have found the service useful .  our contract with them has expired and we are currently negotiating for more  users to have access . our current contract is for $ 50 k or $ 10 k per user per  year . we can charge $ 10 k back to you .  on the iif front , the invoice for $ 47 k is due at the end of the month . here  i would propose that we pay two thirds ( to cover our costs and the costs of  our competitive analysis colleagues in london ) , leaving $ 15 k for you to cover .  since we took on these services last year , we have expanded our range of  sources and projects and are consequently trying to do more with less . thus i  need to allocate some of our costs from oxan and iif to other projects .  let me know what you think about this proposal . maureen , congratulations on  your secondment to enron metals ( gwyn mentioned it to me ) . fyi , our  colleague jim roth is providing competitive analysis support to joe gold and  john sherriff on that project from london .  rj
HAM Subject: re : potential prospect  tom ,  we are currently space constrained but we shall always take a qualified  candidate . please , ask george to send me a resume and we shall get in touch  with him  to arrange a phone / on - location interview .  vince  tom arnold on 04 / 25 / 2001 09 : 15 : 09 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : potential prospect  hey vince ,  given that the eastern finance conference is already taking place , i think  it is safe to assume that they did not desire an energy derivative round  table discussion . however , i appreciate you volunteering to potentially  having been on such a round table discussion .  i ' ve been teaching a " real options " course that has the students performing  monte carlo analysis , black - scholes pricing , and binomial pricing along  with a heavy dosage of understanding risk neutral pricing . a few of your  new hires from the undergraduate program will be coming from this course .  however , i have a student who will be finishing his mba next spring that is  particularly good . he is genuinely interested and curious about option  pricing , trading , and hedging with excel / vba skills . in fact , he usually  figures out when i make even very small mistakes in my calculations .  this is not to say that some of my other students aren ' t very talented  themselves , but that this person really stands out . do you think you  and / or enron would be interested in such a person ? if so , what do you  recommend that he do to get his foot in the door ?  his intention is to finish the mba , but i do not know if this would  preclude you from hiring or at least taking a look at him now . his name is  george moss and i ordinarily would not bother you directly about a  potential employee . i am making an exception in this case because he is a  particularly good talent without being the slightest bit arrogant .  otherwise , i hope this e - mail finds you doing well and not travelling too  much .  tom  professor tom arnold  e . j . ourso college of business administration  department of finance  2155 ceba  louisiana state university  baton rouge , la 70803  o : 225 - 388 - 6369  f : 225 - 388 - 6366
HAM Subject: conference  steve ,  the slides are ok . how are the negotiations with risk proceeding ?  they had recently many changes ( firing people ) .  vince
HAM Subject: re : releases  louise ,  thanks so much for your speedy reply . i will pass your comments on to dave walker in media relations .  i included kevin because he is listed with you , greg and john on a " management " slide . if there are others who should be  included on greg ' s core management team for the announcement , please let me know who they are and their titles . please  also let me know if it is inappropriate to include kevin . if there is an org chart , that might be helpful , too . it would  allow us to be as inclusive as possible without making the announcement too long .  thanks again ,  claudia  212 - 713 - 8508  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : louise . kitchen @ enron . com [ mailto : louise . kitchen @ enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , february 05 , 2002 11 : 16 pm  to : robinson , claudia ; petrie , james [ ubs ] ; eber , louis [ ubs ] ; brady ,  penny [ ubs ] ; keily , ruth [ ubs ] ; mitchell , nikki [ ubs ] ;  david . forster @ enron . com ; lloyd , andrew - d [ ubs ] ; hollis , amanda [ ubs ] ;  odonnell , pat [ ubs ] ; dow , colette [ ubs ] ; louise @ enron . com ;  kal . shah @ enron . com ; david . oxley @ enron . com ; martin , audrey [ ubs ]  cc : bridges , mark [ ubs ]  subject : re : releases  just a couple of suggested changes to both .  there is a lot of confusion in the energy market as to the ownership  structure of the entity . enron had previously announced that the entiy  would be 51 % new owner and 49 % enron . we need to ensure this message is  corrected as clearly as possible - that it is 100 % ubs owner .  ( see attached file : ubsw energy release draft . doc )  on the release for ubswenergy . com - we do intend to trade physical gas and  power immediately initially at least in the areas we can , so i have removed  that sentence .  ( see attached file : . doc )  do you need all of the commercial md titles or is kevin picked out for a  particular reason ?  thanks  louise  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : " robinson , claudia " @ enron  sent : tuesday , february 05 , 2002 7 : 45 pm  to : petrie , james [ ubs ] ; eber , louis [ ubs ] ; brady , penny [ ubs ] ;  keily , ruth [ ubs ] ; mitchell , nikki [ ubs ] ; forster , david ;  lloyd , andrew - d [ ubs ] ; hollis , amanda [ ubs ] ; odonnell , pat  [ ubs ] ; dow , colette [ ubs ] ; ' louise @ enron . com ' ; shah , kal ;  oxley , david ; martin , audrey [ ubs ]  cc : bridges , mark [ ubs ]  subject : fw : releases  attached for your review are drafts of two news releases , one announcing  the closing of the ubs warburg / energy  transaction and the other to announce the launch of ubswenergy . com . the  plan is to issue the closing announcement on  friday ( 2 / 8 ) at about 8 a . m . new york time . the other is planned for  when the website officially launches , which is  expected on monday ( 2 / 11 ) .  please forward your comments directly to david p . walker , head of media  relations - americas , sometime on wednesday .  tomorrow , i will send you drafts of the internal announcements for  friday and monday . the plan is to issue on friday a  global ubs warburg email announcement from john costas , announcing the  new management . i need from human resources  confirmed titles for louise kitchen , john lavorato and kevin presto . in  addition , we plan for friday an email from greg  whalley to employees who have signed on with ubs warburg energy , with  costas ' s announcement attached . ( both will also be  posted on ubs warburg intranets , including the integration site . ) there  will also be internal publicity on the day the  website launches : another email from whalley to energy employees and  intranet articles within ubs warburg , including the  integration site .  please let me know if you have questions .  thanks ,  claudia  212 - 713 - 8508  > > >  - . doc >  - ubsw energy release draft . doc >  visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com  this message contains confidential information and is intended only  for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you  should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please  notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this  e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .  e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free  as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,  arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore  does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents  of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if  verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this  message is provided for informational purposes and should not be  construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or  related financial instruments .  this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged  material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is  strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact  the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message .  this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or  evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or  any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com  this message contains confidential information and is intended only  for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you  should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please  notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this  e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system .  e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free  as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed ,  arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore  does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents  of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if  verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this  message is provided for informational purposes and should not be  construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or  related financial instruments .
HAM Subject: 2 nd rev mar . 2000 josey ranch nom  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by susan d trevino / hou / ect on 03 / 20 / 2000  02 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kevin mclarney on 03 / 20 / 2000 02 : 09 : 02 pm  to : susan d trevino / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , stretch brennan , knox  westmoreland , bob withers  subject : 2 nd rev mar . 2000 josey ranch nom  here ' s revised march 2000 ( effective 3 / 21 / 00 9 : 00 am cycle ) setup for josey :  ( using 1 . 075 btu / mcf )  * gas deliveries into hpl  11 , 000 mmbtu / d for kri  2 , 000 mmbtu / d for texaco ( net increase of  2 , 000 mmbtu / d )  13 , 000 mmbtu / d into hpl  if you need any additional information , kcs ' field contact is stretch  brennan in victoria : 512 - 576 - 1005 .  thank you .  kevin mclarney  713 / 964 - 9441  ( on behalf of bob withers )  bob withers > <  kcs energy , 5555 san felipe , suite 1200  houston , tx 77056  voice mail / page 713 - 964 - 9434
HAM Subject: re : meter 1428  i am pretty sure this is a " high zero " and will be adjusted out by  measurement . so , disregard these spurious volumes coming across .  james
HAM Subject: sap expense report forms  please remember , when completing your expense reports , pull file from  intranet by :  selecting sap on home page  select - quick referencing tools ( left side of page )  select - account payable forms  select - sap expense report form  complete this task every time you would like to complete an expense report .  each report is time - dated and is considered a reference number .  remember your sap codings :  cost center number - # 111089  gl account number - ( see cheat sheet i forwarded a few weeks ago . )  gl company number - # 0060  if you should have additional questions , please stop by ( smile ) .  p . s . for a quick reference , the gl account numbers for the most often used  items are listed below :  meals & entertainment # 52003000  travel & lodging # 52004500  dues & membership # 52004000  cell phone , pagers # 52503500  subscriptions # 52508500  office equipment # 53600000
HAM Subject: re : sale to shoreline  daren you are correct in that this was only in mops for the 26 th . it was  edi ' d over to pops from the 25 th through the 31 st populating all days with  the 16 , 700 nom . the nom was never - 0 - out in pops therefore the change  notification process in pops did not pick up a change at this meter . this  meter is pathed by kim and confirmed by me - it is extremely odd that this  was missed in mops . the record would have been out of balance and someone ,  if not several people , normally would make a comment on this . also - all  of my records indicate that the 16 , 700 was good through the 31 st except the  mops entry . my confirmations with koch didn ' t reflect the - 0 - ; the last  report i have from koch indicated the 16 , 700 stayed on , there was no record  of a phone call indicating anything other than 16 , 700 . it is very odd for  this many checks and balances to fail . also , the volumes were being sent  back to mops which no one caught .  i have spoken with koch today and they agree that the 16 , 700 should have gone  to - 0 - therefore i have removed the nom from pops confirmed volumes and  re - allocated the meter . the oba has taken the hit and i am working off the  imbalance now .  daren , i am sorry that you had to look into this when you feel this is my  responsibility . stella was trying to help me out in clearing up errors  because i was buried in current activity , thus the e - mail to you asking for  your help .  if this doesn ' t answer all the questions , just give me a call .  thanks ,  charlotte  daren j farmer  02 / 14 / 2000 12 : 50 pm  to : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect , charlotte hawkins / hou / ect @ ect  cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : sale to shoreline  stella and charlotte ,  i looked into this deal . we sold this gas for one day only . in mops , the  path was nominated for 1 / 26 only . however , in pops the path was nominated  and confirmed for 1 / 26 - 1 / 31 . this should have been showing up as a  bridgeback error during the month . also , someone should have identified that  the path / nom in mops wasn ' t the same as the nom in pops . this discrepancy  should have been found before we closed out january .  i researched this problem by reviewing both systems ( looking at the path id  in pops , finding it in mops , and checking the audit on the path in mops ) .  this type of issue should be researched and solved by the logistics group ,  who has all the necessary tools to find the problem . the resolution , not the  problem , should have been presented to myself or the marketer , with an  explanation of what happened . some one still needs to find out how the gas  was confirmed for the 27 th - 31 st .  since the gas apparently flowed , we will have to apply the overflow to the  oba . unless you can find a missing transport contract .  d  from : stella l morris 02 / 10 / 2000 02 : 26 pm  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  cc : charlotte hawkins / hou / ect @ ect  subject : sale to shoreline  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stella l morris / hou / ect on 02 / 10 / 2000  02 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : sherlyn schumack 02 / 10 / 2000 02 : 21 pm  to : joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect , katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron  cc : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect  subject : sale to shoreline  joanie ,  logistics is waiting to hear from daren on this issue . he will either need  to extend the deal or maybe there should be another deal in place . this  deal 155118 is valid on 1 / 26 / 00 only , but the rest of the volume you are  looking for is scheduled on days 1 / 27 - 1 / 31 . i am sure there is no  pricing on those days .  i will let you know as soon as i hear from them .
HAM Subject: incorrect ex - post prices  due to iso computer problems the hour ending 0600 ex - post price for  08 - 27 - 2001 is not correct . the 10 minute interval prices for interval 5 and  6 are also incorrect . the correct ex - post price for hour ending 0600 will  be posted with in the next 96 hours . . sent by market operations .  the system conditions described in this communication are dynamic and  subject to change . while the iso has attempted to reflect the most current ,  accurate information available in preparing this notice , system conditions  may change suddenly with little or no notice .
HAM Subject: 1 - urgent - outlook email notification ( new )  outlook email notification  your date of migration is : may 7 th  you will be unable to send e - mail unless you take the following action :  please go through your notes email and clean out as many old / un - needed email items as possible before your date of migration . after you are migrated to outlook you will only be allocated 100 mb of total mailbox space . if more than this amount of data is migrated to outlook you will not be able to send e - mail until it is below the 100 mb limit . cleaning up your notes email now will prevent this from happening to you .  enron ' s messaging platform is migrating from lotus notes to microsoft outlook 2000 worldwide . you will be accessing outlook for all of your email functions .  why is enron migrating to outlook 2000 ?  many factors contributed to the decision to migrate from lotus notes to microsoft exchange / outlook . the most prominent factors were :  ? significant advantages to moving to a product that is more integrated with current enron apps ( windows 2000 , office and internet explorer )  ? more efficient shared pc and roaming user features  ? improved support and integration for palm / ce devices  ? instant messaging capabilities  what is being migrated to outlook 2000 ?  ? email messages . from the date of your scheduled migration , the last ( 30 ) thirty days of your email will be converted for use in outlook .  ? all your folders in notes you use to store email messages in .  ? to do items  ? journal items  ? calendar entries dating from ( 1 ) one year in the past to ( 10 ) ten years in the future will be converted .  ? address books , but not your distribution lists that you created . you will need to re - create these in outlook .  thank you ,  outlook 2000 migration team
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 9 ;  start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123009 . txt  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .
HAM Subject: california update 4 / 12 / 01  ? sources report that socal chairman , john bryson , and governor davis were roommates together at stanford in the early 60 ' s . this longstanding relationship may provide some explanation for socal ' s willingness to negotiate with the governor and the governor ' s determination to reach a solution with socal .  ? voluntary bankruptcy reportedly is " not an option " for socal . however , the possibility remains that socal ' s creditors will take them into involuntary bankruptcy . if the state ' s purchase of the transmission assets is delayed , it appears that the possibility of this occurring will increase .  ? however , the agreement by the state to purchase socal ' s transmission assets is actually a memorandum of understanding . the agreement reportedly was rushed for " political purposes , " but the details still remain to be decided . it is possible , the 60 - day deadline stated in the memorandum may have to be extended .  ? pg & e reportedly refused to part with its transmission assets in its negotiations with the governor . pg & e makes more money on transmission than distribution of power , the opposite is true for socal .
HAM Subject: re : draft press release : sale of pastoria to calpine  my only comment is that the project is referred to pastoria energy facility and pastoria energy center . the name of the llc is pastoria energy facility llc . calpine ' s wholly - owned sub , pasotia energy center llc , will be purchasing 100 % of ena ' s membership interest in pastoria energy facility .
HAM Subject: uk submission of positions  just to follow up on james ' s note of yesterday - my apologies for being out  the elimination of the requirement to ' grab ' the fx and ir market environment  from houston ( and consequently use european data ) can improve our ability  to kick the overnight batch processing off earlier in the evening . james and  i will be working with brian hudson to determine the timetable for effecting  this change  the revised batch start time would improve the opportunity to detect any  system failure and complete a rerun of the valuation process so as to deliver  completed results by the time the risk management team arrive at their desks  in the morning . system failures are the most significant problem we face in  delivering timely information to houston . consequently the probability of  meeting current reporting deadlines would be greatly improved given that we  will have full it overnight support covering for any it failure and curve  input validation processes on trade date .  indeed given the successful completion of all overnight runs we are able to  deliver  officialisation of all valuation systems and most spreadsheets ( david hardy  is in final testing of the eastern spreadsheet feed ) by the 10 am deadline (  houston 4 am )  flash p & l by the lpm deadline ( houston 7 am )  completion of the final dpr to be submitted to houston by the 5 pm deadline (  houston 11 am )  james and i are currently finalising a document reviewing all possible  changes to business processes that could improve these times . this is in  addition to working with commercial and it to assess the possibility of  delivering significantly faster revaluation systems that could assist in  delivering a trade date control process .  i can confirm that there is significant work to do in this area , however , we  are dedicated to meeting the objectives of improved / more real time control .  please feel free to call if the above requires any additional commentary .  regards  mike  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 19 / 12 / 2000 15 : 06  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  james new  18 / 12 / 2000 09 : 10  to : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect  cc : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , fernley  dyson / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , gary  hickerson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : uk submission of positions  rick ,  thanks you for your note below . we are today implementing a flash p & l  process . we aim to report daily numbers at 7 am houston time and will start  today with the p & l . we will build on this and hope to have draft positions  and var for most books within a week or so . there will be a reconciliation of  flash to final numbers which will be included in our return to houston .  i will put together a note on the london dpr production process which goes  into the process we currently have , the process we actually need to have , and  the obstacles that are in the way . i would expect this to be finalised  tomorrow . obtaining the usd interest rate curve on a more timely basis is  just one of our problems but it is unfortunately by no means our only or most  serious problem .  james  from : rick buy  15 / 12 / 2000 21 : 59  to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , mike  jordan / lon / ect @ ect  cc : gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect  subject : uk submission of positions  need your help on the following : each day we are delayed in finalising var ,  p & l and positions because the uk must wait for a usd interest rate curves  before submitting their data to houston . i am also told that it is really not  necessary to wait for this curve and the data could be submitted close of  business london . even if there was some minor inaccuracy from this method it  would be better than what we have now . this would greatly improve the  efficiency ( by 4 to 6 hours ) in reporting to senior management . can you guys  initiate this change or get me to the right person there . thanks , rick
HAM Subject: asset sales chart  please see the attached file that reflects the multiple for each asset sale . as you can see for assets that had losses , we show no multiple . additionally , there are some assets that have no ebitda at all ( that we are aware of ) , thus we show no multiple . please let me know if this is what you expected . thanks !
HAM Subject: 2 missing from the mailing list  hingoran @ rice . edu  planck @ rice . edu
HAM Subject: accounting list  per your request attached you will find the accounting department list for new co .
HAM Subject: gtv project weekly status update  please find below the weekly status update for gtv and the attached file for the updated project timelines . please note that the status meeting was held on thursday this week , instead of monday . changes are underlined .  gtv status meeting attendees : nayan dattani , bill fortney , jeff gossett , george grant , jay krish , russ severson , zhiyong wei , francis lim , brad jones , jeremy wong .  accomplishments :  ? gtv 2 phase 1 items  o released to production .  ? saving different views in tds :  o released to production .  ? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 , on hold since 7 / 9 / 01 ) :  o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed .  ? option grid ( phase 2 ) :  o released to production .  ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) :  o released to production .  ? basis options ( phase 2 ) :  o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg .  o development of loading correlation curves has been completed .  o changes to the translator have been completed .  o development of portcalc valuation of basis spread options completed .  ? options reports  o completed development of vega p & l , vega sensitivity , and delta position reports .  o completed development of curve shift report .  ? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) :  o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed .  o changes to the translator have been completed .  o completed development of portcalc to value transport deals .  o completed unit testing of portcalc to value transport deals , including gas daily spread option .  ? add more information to the drill - down deal details .  o released to production .  ? new flexible deal viewer .  o database schema design completed .  o initial load of active deals from sitara completed .  o tibco work completed .  o units of measure conversions completed .  o update of active deals from sitara completed .  o development of query engine completed .  o development of delphi feed to excel completed .  o schema mapping completed .  o initial loading of active deals from tagg completed .  o 3 new requests ( from last wednesday ' s demo ) for update server completed .  o completed development of excel vb .  o completed remaining new request for update server ( sic codes ) .  o completed development of update of active deals from tagg .  o completed development of requested enhancements of flexible deal viewer and sitara .  ? screening volume feedback in tds deal ticker .  o released to production .  ? implementing tds in calgary office  o put on hold since 10 / 23 / 01 .  ? investigate ways of improving eol bridging to sitara and tagg for term physical deals .  o on going maintenance .  plans for the week ending 11 / 09 / 01 :  ? continue it development of phase ii issues .  o continue user acceptance testing of basis options .  o complete development of option reports .  ? new flexible deal viewer .  o continue user acceptance testing .  issues :  ? none .  notes  ? there will be some enhancements to tds to fix some issues discussed in the status meeting .  thanks  zhiyong
HAM Subject: from the enron india newsdesk - may 4 th newsclips  vince / stinson ,  some news articles on india . it appears that dpc will attend the may 11  meeting , but will not be presenting any proposals .  they will be taking representatives from the lender side , ge and bechtel , as  well as from the lng supplier side .  also , a name has been thrown up as the likely person to represent the center .  regards ,  sandeep .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on  05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  nikita varma  05 / 04 / 2001 07 : 47 am  to : nikita varma / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : ( bcc : sandeep kohli / enron _ development )  subject : from the enron india newsdesk - may 4 th newsclips  the economic times  friday , may 04 , 2001 , http : / / www . economictimes . com / today / 04 infrol . htm  godbole panel suggestions unacceptable : enron , girish kuber  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the above article also appeared in the following newspaper :  business standard  friday , may 04 , 2001 ,  godbole terms of reference not acceptable : dpc  the hindustan times  power purchase talks between govt , enron falls through  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the times of india  friday , may 04 , 2001 , http : / / www . timesofindia . com / today / 04 busi 2 . htm  enron ready to take part in ppa talk , nitin yeshwantrao  the financial express  friday , may 04 , 2001 , http : / / www . financialexpress . com / fe 20010504 / ecol 0 . html  dpc team to appear before godbole panel on may 11  the above article also appeared the following newspapers :  mid day  enron , state govt to meet next week  the hindu businessline  friday , may 04 , 2001 , http : / / www . hindubusinessline . com / stories / 140456 uy . htm  enron wants renegotiation meet rescheduled  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  afternoon  friday , 4 may , 2001 , http : / / www . afternoondc . com /  houston team to meet godbole  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  business standard  friday , may 04 , 2001 ,  salve may represent centre on enron talks panel  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the times of india  friday , may 04 , 2001 , http : / / www . timesofindia . com / today / 04 busi 2 . htm  salve may represent centre on enron talk panel  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  pioneer  friday , may 04 , 2001 ,  enron talks : salve may be govt man  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  mid day  friday 4 may 2001 ,  enron ' s rates too high : mseb  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the economic times , friday , may 04 , 2001  godbole panel suggestions unacceptable : enron , girish kuber  hopes that the godbole committee would be able to renegotiate the dabhol  power project promoted by the us energy major enron may turn out to be  misplaced . the us energy major says that the godbole committee  , s suggestions  were unacceptable . in response to a query from et , the company said in a  statement that the  & published terms of the godbole report do not represent  an acceptable basis for further discussions .  8 the statement said that it  would be meeting the committee next week as  & a matter of courtesy  8 .  & since  the purpose of our meeting is to hear out the committee and understand their  thoughts , we will not present any proposals ,  8 the statement said . according  to highly - placed sources in the government , the company has informed the  madhav godbole panel that it would be meeting on may 11 . earlier reports had  indicated that the discussions with the panel would take place on may 5 .  according to sources , enron would be meeting the panel with representatives  of its lenders and shareholders . the godbole committee , that studied the  current power purchase agreement , has called for cancellation of the present  tariff structure , renegotiation of the lng and shipping contract , removal of  dollar denomination as far as fixed charges of the tariff is concerned , debt  restructuring and the formation of a committee to renegotiate the power  purchase agreement . these suggestions , it seems , may not be acceptable to  enron . the maharashtra government accepted the report and asked the godbole  committee to renegotiate . the committee has been given a month  , s time to  renegotiate on behalf of the state government with dpc for a new ppa .  the committee has opined that since the lng facility of 5 mmpta is far in  excess of what is required by the plant ( only 2 . 1 mmpta of which 1 . 8 mmpta is  on take or pay ) , it should be separated into a distinct facility whose  capital costs should not be reflected in the fuel charge , not as take or pay .  it should instead be only in proportion to the fuel regassified for the power  generation . using the entire allocated gas requires an unusually high plf .  instead , the surplus gas can be sold to other players like petronet or enron  ,  s own metgas .  & it is important to distribute the cost over the entire  capacity and not just the amount sold to the power plant ,  8 says the  committee . similarly , it has been suggested that enron could lease out the  harbour facilities as a common facility to other lng importers . on the lng  contract negotiated by enron for long - term supplies , it has said that since  the lng market has witnessed great changes , particularly as far as prices are  concerned , the power company should take advantage of spot buys and  renegotiate the contract accordingly .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the times of india , friday , may 04 , 2001  enron ready to take part in ppa talk , nitin yeshwantrao  the enron management has finally agreed to participate in a ' discussion '  with the madhav godbole - led re - negotiation committee set - up to facilitate  the restructuring of the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) signed between the  us power major and the state government . officials of dabhol power company  ( dpc ) , a subsidiary of enron , alongwith their team of shareholders and  lenders will arrive here on may 11 for talks with the nine - member godbole  panel . though the dpc spokesperson was reluctant to give a confirmation , a key  mantralaya official told the times of india that the team had expressed  willingness for talks with the experts committee in a bid to end the  imbroglio .  enron ' s response is viewed as a welcome development to amicably resolve the  controversy which had been raging for the last few weeks , with the board of  directors of enron authorising its india md k wade cline to serve a  termination notice to mseb . the state government , on its part , too adopted a  confrontational position by slapping a rs 401 crore rebate charge on dpc for  defaulting on power supply . however , the sudden change of heart by the enron  management is largely attributed to the stand taken by its local lenders led  by industrial development bank of india ( idbi ) which had recently opposed the  move to pull out of the project . this was in contradiction to the stand taken  by the foreign lenders of the dpc who were in favour of slamming the brakes  on disbursement of funds to dpc . the congress - led democratic front government  had publicly declared that it would impress upon the enron management to  renegotiate the ppa as scrapping the project would not be in the interest of  both the parties .  last week , the state government constituted a nine - member panel of experts  under former bureaucrat madhav godbole . godbole had written to the dpc  management inviting it for talks to re - negotiate the ppa on may 5 . for the  delayed response from enron , the meeting has been rescheduled to may 11 . the  issues which would be debated at the meeting include the separation of the  lng facility from the power plant , renegotiating lng supply and shipping  agreements , redefining the dpc tariff and to convert it into a two - part  tariff . the godbole panel will bargain hard for removal of dollar  denomination in the fixed charge component and to allow the maharashtra  government to sell power to third parties .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the financial express , friday , may 04 , 2001 ,  dpc team to appear before godbole panel on may 11  a battery of dabhol power company ( dpc ) officials and foreign lenders will  appear before the madhav godbole renegotiations committee on may 11  & as a  matter of courtesy , and not for presenting any proposals .  8 simultaneously , the  dpc has made it clear that the published terms of the godbole report do not  represent an acceptable basis for further discussions . the dpc team is likely  to include officials from the enron corp , bechtel , general electric , its  liquefied natural gas suppliers , oman lng and abu dhabi lng and a trustee  bank , abn amro for the proposed may 11 meeting , it is reliably learnt .  mantralaya sources said that the dpc had earlier expressed its inability to  appear before the godbole committee on may 5 , fixed earlier , on account of  the non - arrival of its team from houston and other parts of the world .  however , the company has ultimately decided to meet the godbole committee on  may 11 .  dpc spokesman jimmy mogal said :  & we confirm that dpc has been invited to meet  the recently formed negotiating committee . as a matter of courtesy , we have  agreed to meet them next week . since the purpose of our meeting is to hear  out the committee and understand their thoughts , we will not present any  proposals .  8  & while we have constantly maintained that we are open to a  dialogue towards resolving issues , this meeting in no manner be construed as  an open offer from dpc to renegotiate the terms of the contract . furthermore ,  the published terms report do not represent an acceptable basis for further  discussions ,  8 he added . sources said enron corp chairman kenneth lay is likely  to meet former chief minister sharad pawar to find an acceptable solution  for the ongoing crisis before the may 11 meet . mr lay told the foreign news  agency on wednesday that the enron corp has no immediate plans to sell its  stake in the troubled $ 2 . 9 - billion dabhol power project in western india .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  afternoon , may 4 , 2001  houston team to meet godbole  the enron - promoted dabhol power company ( dpc ) yesterday said it had agreed to  meet the godbole committee " as a matter of courtesy " and this should " in no  manner be construed as an open offer from dpc to renegotiate the terms of the  contract . " in a statement issued last night , the us energy major made it  clear that the purpose of the meeting with the nine member renegotiating  committee was " to hear out the panel and understand their thoughts , and not  present any proposals . "  furthermore , the published terms of the godbole report did not represent any  acceptable basis for towards resolving issues .  earlier , state government sources said that a team of senior officials from  enron headquarters in houston is slated to attend the first godbole  renegotiations committee meeting , now to be held on may 11 . the panel  deferred its meeting from may 5 as in a formal communication , dpc requested  the state government for a suitable date other than the stipulated one , they  said . however , the multinational is yet to send a list of its nominees , who  are due to arrive next week , they said .  meanwhile , the centre is likely to appoint solicitor general harish salve as  its representative on the high - power committee to renegotiate the power  purchase agreement ( ppa ) signed between dpc and maharashtra state electricity  board . other members of the godbole committee are hdfc chairman deepak  parekh , teri director r . k . pachauri , former union energy secretary e . a . s .  sarma , kirit parikh of indira gandhi institute of developmental research ,  maharashtra energy secretary v . m . lal , state finance secretary s . k . srivastav  and mseb chairman vinay bansal .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  business standard , friday , may 04 , 2001  salve may represent centre on enron talks panel  solicitor general harish salve is likely to be named the centre  , s  representative on the high - power committee appointed by the maharashtra  government to renegotiate the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) with the us  energy giant enron - promoted dabhol power company ( dpc ) . according to highly  placed government sources , salve  , s name has been cleared by both ministries  of finance and power .  the maharashtra government has appointed a negotiating committee headed by  former bureaucrat madhav godbole to renegotiate the estranged ppa signed by  the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) and dpc . enron had made  opening of talks with maharashtra conditional on the presence of a centre  , s  representative on the negotiating committee . salve would meet secretaries in  the ministries of finance , power and law to firm up the centre  , s stand on the  crisis arising out of payment defaults by mseb , sources said adding that  petroleum secretary is also likely to be included in the panel .  sources said enron appeared to be keen on solving the present impasse through  negotiations judging from corporation chairman kenneth lay  , s statement  yesterday in houston that the company had no plans to sell its stake in the  $ 2 . 9 billion dabhol project . the government is likely to make a formal  announcement of salve  , s appointment on the negotiating committee by the  weekend , sources said . the negotiating committee would suggest solutions to  bring down the exorbitant power tariffs , separating of the liquefied natural  gas ( lng ) facility , restructuring of dpc and allowing sale of excess power  through central utilities , mainly the national thermal power corporation  ( ntpc ) , sources said . the dpc board had late last month authorised the local  manager in india to issue termination notice to mseb following a bitter  payment controversy . dpc has already slapped one conciliation notice on the  centre and three arbitration notices on the state government over non - payment  of dues .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the times of india , friday , may 04 , 2001  salve may represent centre on enron talk panel  solicitor general harish salve is likely to be named the centre ' s  representative on the high - power committee appointed by the maharashtra  government to renegotiate the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) with us energy  giant enron - promoted dabhol power company ( dpc ) . according to highly placed  government sources , salve ' s name had been cleared by both ministries of  finance and power . the maharashtra government has appointed a negotiating  committee headed by former bureaucrat madhav godbole to renegotiate the  estranged ppa signed by maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) and dpc .  enron had made opening of talks with maharashtra conditional on the presence  of centre ' s representative on the negotiating committee . salve would meet  secretaries in the ministries of finance , power and law to firm up centre ' s  stand on the crisis arising out of payment defaults by mseb , sources said ,  adding petroleum secretary is also likely to be included in the panel .  sources said that enron appeared to be keen on solving the present impasse  through negotiations judging from corporation chairman kenneth lay ' s  statement on wednesday in houston that the company had no plans to sell its  stake in the $ 2 . 9 billion dabhol project . ( pti )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  the pioneer , friday , may 04 , 2001 ,  enron talks : salve may be govt man  solicitor general harish salve is likely to be named as centre ' s  representative on the high - power committee appointed by the maharashtra  government to renegotiate the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) with us energy  major enron - promoted dabhol power company . according to sources , mr salve ' s  name has been cleared by the ministries of finance and power . the maharashtra  government recently appointed a committee headed by former bureaucrat madhav  godbole to renegotiate the  ppa signed by the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) and dpc .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  mid day , friday 4 may 2001  enron ' s rates too high : mseb  the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) is planning to convey to the  dabhol power company ( dpc ) , a subisidiary of us energy giant enron , its  inability to pay increased fixed charges at the rate of rs 500 crore a month  from next year . mseb officials said that dpc would be informed about this  during re - negotiation of the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) . as per ppa ,  the increased rate will come into effect from january , 2002 following  completion of dpc ' s 1 , 444 mw second phase of the project in october this  year . the ppa also says that the fixed rate will have to be paid to the  company irrespective of the consumption of electricity .  at present mseb is paying fixed chages of rs 95 crore a month to dpc for  its first phase of the project , generating 740 mw power . ' ' we have been  raising this issue with dpc for last couple of months , highlighting that  this ( fixed charges from next year ) is not viable for us . even state chief  minister vilasrao deshmukh raised the issue in new delhi at a meeting  recently ' ' , the officials said . the board will continue to raise this issue  during the re - negotiation process with dpc . however , dpc officals are  keeping mum over the issue , adopting a ' wait and watch ' policy , they added .  under the second phase of the project , 722 mw power generating capacity will  be achieved by june and remaining 722 mw by october this year , the officials  said .
HAM Subject: re : summary spreadsheet for data vendor research and model  development  hi ,  fyi here is an updated spreadsheet summarizing the data vendor research and model development .  please let me know if any thing is missing , wrong , should be deleted , etc .  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : salmon , scott  sent : monday , april 09 , 2001 2 : 15 pm  to : dhar , amitava  cc : mumford , mike ; kirkpatrick , eric ; mack , iris  subject : re : data for private firm model  great work iris ! this gets us heading down the right direction and we ' ll have some project scope documentation asap .  cheers ,  scott  amitava dhar  09 / 04 / 2001 19 : 25  to : scott salmon / eu / enron @ enron , mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect , eric kirkpatrick / eu / enron @ enron  cc : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate  subject : data for private firm model  the enclosed spreadsheet contains a summary of preliminary data search plan prepared by iris . we will talk about further progress during our conf . call on wednesday .  >  
HAM Subject: re : enron - nevrl - aa meeting on july 27  professor kothari :  thank you for the communique . your recollection regarding a " next step " for  enron is correct - we are currently working  to define enron ' s key issues and research questions . the group will reconvene  this week . following that meeting , i  will provide an update to you regarding our progress .  with regards ,  amy oberg  " s . p . kothari " on 08 / 07 / 2000 07 : 43 : 41 am  to : aoberg @ enron . com  cc :  subject : enron - nevrl - aa meeting on july 27  dear amy :  thank you and your colleagues for taking the time to video - conference with  us at mit and aa professionals associated with nevrl . i enjoyed the  exchange and was left impressed by the technical savvy and keen interest in  research on part of enron . i look forward to hearing from you sometime  soon .  as i recall , we agreed that enron would forward a few issues / questions that  nevrl could potentially address . once we have a meeting of minds on the  set of issues , we can discuss further how best to collaborate and  accomplish our goals . i believe both sides would benefit immensely . mit  faculty can research questions relevant to industry and you might receive  some answers you are looking for !  with best regards ,  s . p .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  professor s . p . kothari phone : ( 617 ) 253 - 0994  gordon y billard professor fax : ( 617 ) 253 - 0603  of accounting e - mail : kothari @ mit . edu  sloan school of management , e 52 - 325 web : http : / / web . mit . edu / kothari / www /  massachusetts institute of technology  50 memorial drive  cambridge , ma 02142 - 1347  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
HAM Subject: re : houston visit  soussan ,  thanks for your message . it would be great to meet you when you come to  houston .  i shall be in town on december 7 , flying back from philly in the morning .  assuming that the flight is on schedule , i shall be available for dinner .  please , let me know how i can contact you on thursday , december the 7 th ,  to confirm .  look forward to meeting you .  vince  " faiz , soussan " on 11 / 26 / 2000 09 : 04 : 01 pm  to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' "  cc :  subject : houston visit  dear vince ,  greetings from ny and hope that all is well and you had a great  thanksgiving . i ' ll be coming to houston for 12 / 6 - 12 / 7 and hope you are  available either evening for dinner . would be great to see you again and  catch up with the latest . . . i really enjoyed my visit last april , your  insights , and the risk book you gave me .  i do hope you ' re available to meet and pls let me know which evening suits  you better .  best ,  soussan faiz  texaco inc .  914 253 4187
HAM Subject: ferc meeting this morning - order on el paso capacity allocation  fyi , kim .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kimberly watson / et & s / enron on 10 / 25 / 2000  09 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shelley corman  10 / 25 / 2000 09 : 28 am  to : tim aron / et & s / enron @ enron , nancy bagot / ots / enron @ enron , john  ballentine / fgt / enron @ enron , theresa branney / et & s / enron @ enron , martha  benner / et & s / enron @ enron , eric benson / et & s / enron @ enron , donna  bily / enron _ development @ enron _ development , lynn blair / et & s / enron @ enron , jack  boatman / fgt / enron @ enron , rob bradley / corp / enron @ enron , bob  chandler / et & s / enron @ enron , bill cordes / et & s / enron @ enron , shelley  corman / et & s / enron @ enron , christi culwell / fgt / enron @ enron , mary  darveaux / et & s / enron @ enron , rick dietz / et & s / enron @ enron , dari  dornan / et & s / enron @ enron , john dushinske / et & s / enron @ enron , sharon  farrell / fgt / enron @ enron , drew fossum / et & s / enron @ enron , john  goodpasture / ots / enron @ enron , mary hain / hou / ect @ ect , steven  harris / et & s / enron @ enron , joe hartsoe / corp / enron @ enron , glen  hass / et & s / enron @ enron , robert hayes / fgt / enron @ enron , rod  hayslett / fgt / enron @ enron , bambi heckerman / npng / enron @ enron , theresa  hess / et & s / enron @ enron , robert hill / npng / enron @ enron , staci  holtzman / fgt / enron @ enron , tamara hopkins / et & s / enron @ enron , stanley  horton / corp / enron @ enron , steve hotte / corp / enron @ enron , lee  huber / et & s / enron @ enron , martha janousek / et & s / enron @ enron , steven  january / et & s / enron @ enron , beth jensen / npng / enron @ enron , anne  jolibois / fgt / enron @ enron , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , jeffrey  keeler / corp / enron @ enron , robert kilmer / fgt / enron @ enron , frazier  king / fgt / enron @ enron , steve kirk / et & s / enron @ enron , tim  kissner / et & s / enron @ enron , laura lantefield / et & s / enron @ enron , linda l  lawrence / na / enron @ enron , blair lichtenwalter / fgt / enron @ enron , elizabeth  linnell / na / enron @ enron , teb lokey / fgt / enron @ enron , phil  lowry / ots / enron @ enron , susan j mara / sfo / ees @ ees , donna  martens / et & s / enron @ enron , dorothy mccoppin / fgt / enron @ enron , mike  mcgowan / et & s / enron @ enron , rockford meyer / fgt / enron @ enron , mary kay  miller / et & s / enron @ enron , michael moran / et & s / enron @ enron , sheila  nacey / et & s / enron @ enron , michel nelson / et & s / enron @ enron , ray  neppl / npng / enron @ enron , robert  neustaedter / enron _ development @ enron _ development , christi l  nicolay / hou / ect @ ect , sarah novosel / corp / enron @ enron , ranelle  paladino / et & s / enron @ enron , zelda paschal / fgt / enron @ enron , geneva  patterson / npng / enron @ enron , maria pavlou / et & s / enron @ enron , eileen  peebles / et & s / enron @ enron , keith petersen / et & s / enron @ enron , peggy  phillips / fgt / enron @ enron , janet place / npng / enron @ enron , tony  pryor / et & s / enron @ enron , colleen raker / et & s / enron @ enron , kathy  ringblom / et & s / enron @ enron , cynthia sandherr / corp / enron @ enron , james  saunders / fgt / enron @ enron , dave schafer / na / enron @ enron , donna  scott / fgt / enron @ enron , susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron , richard  shapiro / na / enron @ enron , mike g smith / na / enron @ enron , louis  soldano / et & s / enron @ enron , lon stanton / et & s / enron @ enron , james d  steffes / na / enron @ enron , james studebaker / fgt / enron @ enron , jim  talcott / et & s / enron @ enron , gina taylor / ots / enron @ enron , debbie  thompson / fgt / enron @ enron , denis tu / fgt / enron @ enron , michael van  norden / corp / enron @ enron , stephen veatch / fgt / enron @ enron , donald  vignaroli / et & s / enron @ enron , jody warner / npng / enron @ enron , kimberly  watson / et & s / enron @ enron , julia white / et & s / enron @ enron , kim  wilkie / et & s / enron @ enron , jane wilson , michele winckowski / et & s / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : ferc meeting this morning - order on el paso capacity allocation  chairman hoecker announced that ferc will hold a special meeting nov . 1 to  issue a proposed order detailing possible remedies to the california  wholesale market based on two investigations currently underway .  only one item was discussed - an order resolving the amoco complaint over el  paso ' s capacity allocation . in the order , the commission finds that el  paso ' s allocation of delivery point capacity at topock is unjust &  unreasonable . the commission directs el paso to assign primary point rights  to its shippers using a one - time assignment process outlined in the order .  if elections for primary point capacity exceed available space , el paso will  pro rate the space and allow shippers to select other primary points in an  iterative fashion until all shippers have primary point rights equal to their  firm capacity rights . chairman hoecker said this case illustrates the fact  that overbooking pipeline capacity is even more problematic that the  overbooking of airline capacity .
HAM Subject: february production estimate  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2000  01 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vance l taylor  01 / 21 / 2000 04 : 11 pm  to : tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect  cc : susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa  graves / hou / ect @ ect  subject : february production estimate  tom ,  see the attached file listing by trade zone by meter producer services '  wellhead production estimate for the month of february , 2000 . please be  advised that this is a preliminary estimate ! ! ! as i am currently in the  process of collecting noms from a couple of producers . i will alert you of  any revisions as they arise . additionally , i have highlighted those deals  that we expect to come on in february , at such time will we request tickets  to be entered into sitara .  should you have any questions , please give me a call .  thanks ,  vlt  x 3 - 6353
HAM Subject: re : cornhusker  john ,  i did some preliminary work on your question concerning oil use at the  cleburne , texas plant . see the attached document .  i just answered all of your questions in an effort to save time . i ' m still  summarizing the procedures that are used for gas nominations . call me with  any questions .  michael mazowita  white pine energy , llc  phone : ( 248 ) 442 - 4823  fax : ( 248 ) 477 - 5729  cell : ( 248 ) 345 - 4002  john griffith  07 / 17 / 2000 10 : 03 am  to : garrick hill / hou / ect @ ect , mike mazowita / corp / enron @ enron  cc : eric moon / hou / ect @ ect  subject : cornhusker  rick and mike ,  when you talk to plant manager i have a few other questions regarding the  fuel oil .  1 ) what exact oil can they burn ? what sulphur content ?  2 ) how much oil is in storage at the plant ?  3 ) what is the storage capacity at the plant ?  4 ) are there any oil contracts at this time ?  5 ) how do they normally buy oil ?  6 ) how is the oil transported to the plant ?  7 ) are there any transport contracts for oil ?  8 ) what is the efficiency for the oil at the plant ?  9 ) what are the costs to burn oil ? any downtime due to this ? any costs to  switch ? time it takes to switch ?  10 ) what are the decisions that the plant goes through to decide to switch ?  11 ) what are the emission concerns ? are they long emission credits ? do  they get credits annually ? how many ?  12 ) does brazos have any control over burning oil vs . burning natural gas ?  13 ) can the plant run totally on oil ?  14 ) any costs to switch back to natural gas ?  please let me know if you need anything from me . thanks .  john
HAM Subject: re : timing of audit  forwarding per jim brown  thank you for the input . we will discuss this with our business risk  managers sally beck and wes colwell as we move to finalizing our timing . .  to : jennifer stevenson / aa / corp / enron @ enron , james j brown / aa / corp / enron @ enron  cc : wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect  subject : timing of audit  jennifer , if we could do the audit september 11 - 22 , that would be best for  us with the sap and unify - financial implementations in july and august .
HAM Subject: associate / analyst fall recruiting  enron managers , directors , vice presidents and managing directors who utilize  the associate / analyst pool  the associate and analyst department has finalized fall recruiting dates . an  important part of our recruiting effort is the final round of interviews  which are conducted here in the enron building on selected weekends during  october , november and december . these are the famous  & super saturdays  8 .  we invite you to attend and participate in this process . we will need  approximately 50 - 75 volunteers for each super saturday to participate either  in the dinners on friday night or in the interview process on saturday . more  information will be made available as we get closer to these dates . please  mark your calendars for the following super saturday weekends and  ( .  save these dates  october 28 - 29 , 2000  november 3 - 4 , 2000  november 10 - 11 , 2000  november 17 - 18 , 2000  december 1 - 2 , 2000  december 9 - 10 , 2000
HAM Subject: re : possible meeting in houston  louise :  i am repsonsible for middle market coverage for west power in portland . we spoke a week or so ago re : the ena / ees customer split methodology . i will be in houston next monday and tuesday ( april 9 / 10 ) . i would like to spend a half hour or so with you , if you had time , to brief you on what ' s going in the middle market group in portland , reviewing year to date earnings and a market share analysis we recently completed . you may be getting some info . from tim and / or internal reports , but i figured , since i was going to be in houston , it would be a good chance to fill in some details .  i had asked john lavorato if he wanted to meet , but he indicated ( see below ) that it would be more appropriate to meet with you . tim b . also indicated i should try to meet you as well . let me know if you would like to meet and what time works for you .  thanks !  chris  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chris h foster / hou / ect on 04 / 03 / 2001 06 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 03 / 2001 08 : 41 am cdt  to : chris h foster / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : possible meeting in houston  chris  you should meet with louise . she is focused on the power business . i will sit in if i ' m available .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : foster , chris  sent : monday , april 02 , 2001 12 : 09 pm  to : lavorato , john  cc : wolfe , greg ; belden , tim  subject : possible meeting in houston  john :  i will be in houston next monday and tuesday . i would like to spend a half hour or so with you , if you had time , to brief you on what ' s going in the middle market group in portland , reviewing year to date earnings and a market share analysis we recently completed . you may be getting some info . from tim and / or internal reports , but i figured , since i was going to be in houston , it would be a good chance to fill in some details . let me know if you would like to meet and what time works for you on monday or tuesday .  thanks !  chris
HAM Subject: re : gtv weekly status update  hi louise ,  i tried to call a moment ago , but unfortunately you were engaged in a meeting .  i wanted to let you know that the message from you below has caused some concern with my team , as they are struggling to see how they can accomplish this to your satisfaction by end of this week , and geoff storey himself was wondering how we could even get to transport valuation in erms in that time frame .  they are heading for a draft by the end of the week , but feel extremely uncomfortable about committing to timing and full scope untill they have had more time to work through it .  could you please let me know if you are expecting a signed document at the end of this week ? . . . . . . or can i let them issue a draft to be firmed up next week instead ?  best regards  steve  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 1 : 50 pm  to : wei , zhiyong ; storey , geoff  cc : bibi , philippe a . ; perlman , beth ; stock , stephen  subject : re : gtv weekly status update  i ' m a bit confused - i think that the current document distributed for circulation is too small . i would suggest this be abandonned and a next draft produced which includes the following .  single deal entry revisions  options reports  transport valuation in erms  eol reporting tools ( possible )  i would like to see phase ii include the items above and an inception document re - issued this week .  thanks  louise  from : zhiyong wei / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 16 / 2001 06 : 30 pm  to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , geoff storey / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate , beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate , stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate , colleen sullivan / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : gtv weekly status update  please find below the gtv project status update for this week . please see the attached file for the project timeline update in microsoft project .  gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , karima husain , francis lim , jeremy wong , bill fortney , nayan dattani , dave nommensen , russ severson , narasim kasaru , mike swaim , george grant , chuck ames , geof storey .  accomplishments :  ? incorporating physical deal positions in tds :  o changes to cpr reader process and its unit testing have been completed .  o changes for the view aggregation and its unit testing have been completed .  o a new task has been added due to the requirement of loading prior - day curves into position manager ( please see the attached project timeline . )  o changes for position manager are in progress ( please see the attached project timeline . )  ? single point of deal entry for term deals :  o single point of deal entry is now ready for user acceptance testing .  ? gas daily deals :  o changes to erms portcalc application for the gas daily deals are complete and ready for testing .  o changes to tds deal valuation are in progress and on schedule ( please see the attached project timeline . )  o a new task has been added to flag fixed - price positions ( please see the attached project timeline . )  ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves :  o released to production  plans for the week ending 4 / 20 / 01 :  ? continue it development of phase i items .  ? obtain sign - off for gtv - ii , phase 2 issues and timeline .  ? commence it development of phase 2 issues .  issues :  incompatibility of tibco version 5 . x and 6 . x . the single point of deal entry is done using tibco 6 . x . some users are still using tibco 5 . x . upgrading to either tibco 6 . x or windows 2000 is needed .  >  thanks  zhiyong
HAM Subject: enron wholesale services - investment watch report  attached for your information is the latest version of the watch report that rac maintains for ews . the format has been revised to a more streamlined two page report . if you have questions or comments , please call me at ext . 3 - 3905 . regards , rick c .
HAM Subject: enrononline executive summary for october 29 , 2001  following please find the daily enrononline executive summary .  
HAM Subject: re : summary of bloomberg powermatch ' s european proposal  as i suspected .  kg  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : friday , august 10 , 2001 9 : 26 am  to : garland , kevin  cc : sherriff , john ; zipper , andy ; lewis , richard  subject : re : summary of bloomberg powermatch ' s european proposal  the old andrew hasuman meeting - it happens to all of us .  we have proabably had 20 meetings with this guy . believe me we should not waste our time , we did pursue europe in the discussions too .  if you want further details ring andy .  thanks anyway ,  louise  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : garland , kevin  sent : friday , august 10 , 2001 9 : 24 am  to : kitchen , louise  subject : fw : summary of bloomberg powermatch ' s european proposal  louise ,  i took a meeting with this guy from bloomberg at whalley ' s request . attached is bloomberg ' s idea to set up a power trading company / platform in europe . they would want us to commit trades in exchange for equity . i am not interested in the equity , but i told them i would distribute the idea to the proper people . it is also being floated around the london office . if you want , you can respond to this guy directly or i can take care of it .  kevin garland  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : andrew hausman , bloomberg / new york  [ mailto : ahausman @ bloomberg . net ]  sent : friday , august 03 , 2001 1 : 32 pm  to : garland , kevin  subject : summary of bloomberg powermatch ' s european proposal  kevin , i have also sent a hardcopy of the attached letter . andrew hausman
HAM Subject: time sensitive : executive impact & influence program survey  * * * reminder * * *  we have not yet received your feedback . your input is  very valuable and to be included in the participant ' s  summary report , it must be received no later than close  of business on wednesday , october 25 . without your  feedback , the participant may not receive a summary  report or be eligible to attend the program .  * immediate action required - do not delete *  executive impact & influence program  dear vince kaminski ,  as part of the executive impact and influence program ,  each participant is asked to gather input on the  participant ' s own management styles and practices as  experienced by their immediate manager , each direct  report , and up to eight colleagues / peers .  you have been requested to provide feedback for a  participant attending the next program . your input  ( i . e . , a self assessment , if you are a participant in  this program , manager assessment , direct report  assessment , or colleague / peer assessment ) will be  combined with the input of others and used by the  program participant to develop an action plan to  improve his / her management styles and practices . if  you are providing feedback as a manager of the  participant , please note that your feedback will be  identified in the summary report .  it is important that you complete this assessment no  later than close of business on wednesday , october 25 .  to begin the online administration process , you will  need the following internet address and password ( s ) .  note : if you are providing feedback for more than one  person , each password and participant name is  individually listed below .  open your internet browser e . g . , internet explorer or  netscape navigator , and please type or copy the url  address below into your internet browser ( please do not  go through lotus notes ) :  www . fsddatasvc . com / enron  ph 9 jbm ( mike roberts )  if you experience technical problems , please call  dennis ward at fsd data services , 713 - 942 - 8436 . if you  have any questions about this process , you may contact  debbie nowak at enron , 713 - 853 - 3304 , or christi smith  at keilty , goldsmith & company , 858 - 450 - 2554 .  thank you for your participation .
HAM Subject: issues  valero has accepted this proposal . please set up appropriate deal tickets  and dan hyvl is preparing a new contract .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary w lamphier / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000  01 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : gary w lamphier 01 / 07 / 2000 10 : 53 am  to : dan j hyvl / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : issues  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary w lamphier / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000  10 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : gary w lamphier 01 / 07 / 2000 09 : 38 am  to : brotherss @ valero . com  cc :  subject : issues  susan ,  hope you had a great new year and holiday season ! i have a couple of issues  i want ot clear up for this year ' s contract .  the question is how valero wants to treat the three meter locations where you  are currently pulling gas . our new contract that was just sent to you has a  minimum take of 60 , 000 mmbtu ( estimated 35 , 000 @ 8018 celanese , 15 , 000 @ 1233  texas city , and 10 , 000 @ 1394 dodge street ) . if you undertake at any meter  excess volumes from another meter would be used to fulfill the entire 60 , 000  mmbtu . my accountant has told me that this is causing difficulties with the  two plants and how they want to see gas purchases broken out . we discussed  this on the phone and i got your consent to split these invoices . now we are  being told all three invoices need to be separate . since we always aim to  please the customer , here is my recommendation for handling the contract  through it ' s term . please let me know if this is fine .  celanese 35 , 000 mmbtu / d minimum on any given day if volumes fall below  35 , 000 hplc will buy back these volumes at gd katy mid  two days after flow  texas city 15 , 000 mmbtu / d minimum on any given day if volumes fall below  15 , 000 hplc will buy back these volumes at gd katy mid  two days after flow  dodge street 10 , 000 mmbtu / d minimum on any given day if volumes fall below  10 , 000 hplc will buy back these volumes at gd katy mid  two days after flow  any excess volumes taken at all three locations would be billed @ gd hsc high  2 day after
HAM Subject: calpine daily and monthly nomination  >  >  ricky a . archer  fuel supply  700 louisiana , suite 2700  houston , texas 77002  713 - 830 - 8659 direct  713 - 830 - 8722 fax  - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc  - calpine monthly gas nomination _ _ _ . doc
HAM Subject: hpl meter # 985369 taft plant resid arco hpl  daren :  on 4 / 18 / 99 , the above meter recorded flow of 101 mmbtus . there were no deals  at this meter during march , april , or may 1999 . logistics needs approval  to writeoff these volumes to unaccounted for gas . please print , sign , and  return original to clem cernosek .  approval to writeoff the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss  thanks ,  clem cernosek
HAM Subject: enron university affairs  enron public affairs has launched a new initiative : enron university  affairs . the overall mission of enron university affairs is to broaden the  depth and scope of our relationships with targeted universities through  building enron brand recognition on campuses , leveraging research exchanges  between enron and the academic community , and identifying commercial  opportunities for enron . this initiative should also further enron  , s efforts  to hire and retain the world  , s most innovative employees .  leading this initiative are christie patrick , vice president , mike rosen ,  director and cindy derecskey , in conjunction with her position as public  affairs coordinator will also work with the university affairs team .  please join me in congratulating christie , mike and cindy on their new  responsibilities .
HAM Subject: txu fuels / sds nomination for december 2000  attached is the december 2000 nomination for our takes under the gas sales and  purchase contract between txu fuel ( previously tufco ) and sds . please advise  should you have any questions concerning the attached .  thanks ,  ccs  ( see attached file : sdsnom . xls )  - sdsnom . xls
HAM Subject: java for managers ! ! !  vince ,  durasoft ( who just taught the java class for our group ) offers a 3 - day short  course in java for managers . details are below , if you are interested .  - - stinson  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001  12 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " siva thiagarajan " on 04 / 16 / 2001 11 : 25 : 50 am  please respond to " siva thiagarajan "  to :  cc :  subject : java for managers ! ! !  hi stinson ,  ?  thanks for meeting with us on thursday . ? we enjoyed  talking with you .  ?  as per our discussion , i have attached the course  outline of java for managers along with this email .  after our conversation with you we think this course  may be a little bit heavy for your group . ? but we can definetly  take it down to concepts level and make it appropriate for  our audience . ? please review and let me know , if this  course would be of value to you . ? this is a 3 day course  and costs $ 11 , 000 ( maximum of 15 students ) .  ?  regards ,  ?  - siva  - oojavaformanagers . doc
HAM Subject: new stack manager  there is a new version of stack manager which is being released this evening ,  for use on monday morning .  changes  1 ) " inactivate suspended children " - new menu item available by  right - clicking on a parent product . it will change all child products of the  highlighted parent from " suspended " to " inactive " . note that this will be  applied only to the product which you highlight . it will also show available  when highlighting products which are not parents , but it will have no effect .  2 ) the transaction list has been amended to correctly display only those  transactions completed on the calendar day ( problem has affected australia  and singapore ) .  3 ) a constant spread which is changed from the front page of the stack  manager will stay as changed for that product . the spread will persist even  if transactions occur .  background  suspended child products continue to have their prices updated as the price  of the parent changes . inactive child products do not have their prices  updated . the price update process slows down enrononline processing and stack  manager response , so it is advantageous to ensure all non - active products are  in an inactive state .  if you have any questions on the above , please contact the enrononline call  center at :  north america : 713 853 4357 ( help )  asia and australia : + 61 2 9229 2300  europe and other regions : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7783 7783  dave
HAM Subject: caiso notice : hearing date changes in the pg & e bankruptcy  proceedings  market participants :  attached is a notice regarding the hearing date changes in the pg & e  bankruptcy proceedings .  byron woertz , director  client relations  california iso
HAM Subject: my model for spikes  dear dr . kaminski ,  i was recently allowed to release into the public domain on the limited basis  the first of the preprints that i recently authored on my model for spikes in  power prices and for the valuation of the contingent claims on power . in this  regard , i have just given a talk on this model at the joint seminar of the  center for energy finance education and research and the institute for  computational finance at the ut austin . right now i am also in the process of  forming a list of specialists both in the industry and academia who might be  interested in receiving this preprint . please let me know if you might be  interested in receiving this preprint .  i look forward to hearing from you .  sincerely yours ,  valery kholodnyi  manager of quantitative analysis  research and analytics group  txu energy trading  ps . here are the main preprints that i have recently authored on my model for  spikes in power prices and valuation of contingent claims on power :  1 . valery a . kholodnyi , the stochastic process for power prices with spikes  and  valuation of european contingent claims on power , preprint , txu - rag - 01 / 00 ,  july  2000 .  2 . valery a . khlolodnyi , valuation of a swing option on power with spikes ,  preprint txu - rag - 05 / 00 , august , 2000 .  3 . valery a . kholodnyi , valuation of a spark spread option on power with  spikes ,  preprint txu - rag - 21 / 00 , november 2000 .  4 . valery a . kholodnyi , valuation of european contingent claims on power at  two  distinct points on the grid with spikes in both power prices , preprint  txu - rag - 24 / 00 , november 2000 .  5 . valery a . kholodnyi , valuation of a transmission option on power with  spikes ,  preprint txu - rag - 25 / 00 , november 2000 .  as i have indicated to you in my previous e - mail , contrary to the standard  approaches , i model spikes directly , as self - reversing jumps on top of a  stochastic process for the regular dynamics of power prices in the absence of  spikes . in this way the dynamics of power prices is modeled as a non - markovian  process , even if the process for the regular dynamics of power prices is  markovian . among other things my model for spikes allows for the explicit  valuation and hedging of contingent claims on power with spikes , provided that  the corresponding contingent claims on power can be valued and hedged in the  absence of spikes .
HAM Subject: re : vmac transaction  louise ,  the overall idea seems logical as a method to leverage collateral received on profitable deals .  one additional benefit would be if this allowed us to use other securities as collateral that a counterparty would not accept ( i ' m not sure what kind of other securities we have ) .  i also think that for enrononline to continue it ' s success that in the medium term it will need some form of margining / collateral as part of the system , but you will have a better sense for weither this would be an issue in the us given a healthy enron - it is an issue in europe and with banks regardless .  issues :  big systems issue for implementing a same day mark to market and liquidity calculation accross all products on enrononline . therefore , i assume this would be rolled out only on the highest volume products . this will increase the cost of each transaction .  liquidity algorithm will be hard for counterparties to swallow as they will not want to post incremental capital .  contract issue - do you make the collateral part of all enrononline deals as if you don ' t it will be difficult to differentiate between counterparties .  existing exposures - how do we assign the collateral rights on existing net exposures to vmac . this will likely be a logistical issue as you must have many counterparties but if the high value ones are few it could be doable , but why would the counterparty agree as he should already have our collateral ( e . g . lc ) or this may require him posting more .  timing - this might be implemented by end of ql , but is unlikely to give you immediate benefit .  cost - am not sure what us brokerage is but this seems to be equivalent to 40 % of brokerage as it is being paid on both sides . does this destroy margins .  threshold - would there be a credit threshold as if not this would be very onnerous on all parties .  quick win :  effectively you are using collateral received to post collateral through a sleave . would it not be possible to negotiate this directly with a counterparty given a select few who require high postings currently . in either case you would have to negotiate adjustment to collateral but if it can be done without a sleave but with a bigger haircut then you would avoid the delay in setting this up wholesale . i do not know if this is legally possible .  i ' ll call to discuss and if you want me to do more detailed work let me know .  m  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : 27 november 2001 16 : 04  to : romano , marcello  subject : fw : vmac transaction  i ' ll get you working  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : eichmann , marc  sent : wednesday , november 21 , 2001 2 : 51 pm  to : kitchen , louise ; lavorato , john  cc : richter , brad  subject : vmac transaction  louise and john :  here is a general description of the transaction we are negotiating with vmac ( virtual markets assurance corporation ) - fsa ( financial securities assurance ) . fsa is an aaa rated insurance company large enough to provide us with a credible deal .  here are the deal highlights :  fsa would wrap enron ' s credit exposure as follows :  1 ) in case of default fsa would liquidate the contracts sleeved to them by enron and use the proceeds of in the money transactions to pay for out of the money transactions .  2 ) in case enron is out of the money in the portfolio of trades sleeved to vmac . fsa would pay the counterparties with the 100 % collateral previously posted by enron and managed on a day to day basis .  fsa has mentioned the possibility of extending a line of credit to enron based on its net collateral position ( ~ $ 1 . 3 billion as of today ) and the net mark to market position ( ~ $ 1 . 4 billion to date ) . haircuts on the line of credit would have to be negotiated and might be significant .  fsa - vmac would receive as compensation the fee structure described under terms and conditions . under the current structure the only risk fsa - vmac is exposed to is the risk of simultaneous default by enron and another counterparty and the operational risk of marking to market the positions and liquidating the contracts .  please find enclosed the following :  1 ) transaction structure : describes the payment logic in case of default  2 ) terms and conditions : describes the terms and conditions under negotiation for the contract  3 ) collateral haircuts : describes the collateral haircuts on the securities posted to fsa to guarantee our net mark to market position ( if out of the money )  4 ) fsa snapshot  5 ) fsa rating : aaa qualification of fsa by moody ' s  please feel free to contact me or brad richter to clarify any doubts with respect to this ,  marc eichmann  work 713 345 - 8422 , cell 713 870 - 2696  manager transaction development  enrononline llc  > > > > >
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ;  start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123020 . txt  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .
HAM Subject: heads up  the london credit trading team ( commercial and noncommercial ) are currently  investigating some transactions in the houston debt trading book that are  inappropriately marked ( in fact one is a complex trade that appears to be  ' accrual accounted for ' since april ) . bryan seyfried is in houston and is  keen to understand the facts of any potential ' process failure ' - we are  liaising with him .  the potential write off is , i understand , of the order of $ 5 mm , but i am keen  to understand the control issues around any ' process failure '  clearly we need to determine the facts but i thought you should know about  some noise out there !  will revert later tomorrow  mike
HAM Subject: re : cornhusker  i meant to copy you guys on this  - - - - - forwarded by sandi m braband / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000 02 : 06 pm - - - - -  sandi m braband  10 / 10 / 2000 09 : 54 am  to : garrick hill / hou / ect @ ect  cc : dan lyons / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : cornhusker  rick ,  bob hall , daren farmer and i met on thursday regarding the fee - - i have a very  rough draft done and my plan is to revise and edit today and tomorrow .  however , i spoke with dan lyons yesterday regarding some issues with the  supply contracts that concerned me and he agrees that we need to look into  them further . in addition , bob hall , daren and i thought we might could use a  brief tutorial on the structure of the transaction generally , the parties  involved and their correct legal names and their relationship to enron . dan  lyons has volunteered to give us that tutorial but will not be available  until early next week when he and i will meet to discuss the supply contract  issues as well . call me if you have any questions - -  sandi  ext . 35465  garrick hill  10 / 10 / 2000 07 : 54 am  to : sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , john  griffith / corp / enron @ enron  cc : charles ward / corp / enron @ enron , john king / hou / ect @ ect , mike  mazowita / corp / enron @ enron  subject : cornhusker  where are we on the gas agreement for the cleburne plant ?
HAM Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure  start date : 1 / 16 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011612 . txt  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
HAM Subject: bnp paribas master netting agreement  we are moving ahead with finalizing a master netting agreement that will cover all physical and financial agreements between bnp paribas and enron , except for the exchange agreements pertaining to nymex and lme trading . the agreements to be included under this arrangement are listed below . the intent is to complete the agreement by close of business on tuesday , november 27 . we have communicated this to bart schouest at bnp paribas and to bnp paribas ' counsel in new york .  1 . isda master agreement dated effective as of june 28 , 1995 between enron north america corp . , formerly enron capital & trade resources corp . , and bnp paribas , formerly banque paribas ( as the same may have been or may be amended , restated , supplemented of otherwise modified from time to time , and including all transactions , schedules , annexes , and confirmations thereunder , collectively ) .  2 . interest rate and currency exchange agreement dated effective as of january 16 , 1992 between enron corp . and bnp paribas , formerly banque paribas .  3 . isda master agreement dated effective as of february 22 , 2000 between enron capital & trade resources international corp . and bnp paribas .  4 . isda master agreement effective as of april 4 , 2000 between enron credit limited and bnp paribas .  5 . general terms & conditions governing transactions executed between enron capital & trade resources limited and bnp paribas .  6 . general terms & conditions governing online transactions executed between enron capital & trade resources limited and bnp paribas for the sale and purchase for flat uk beach trades .  please address any questions or concerns to me asap .  regards ,  chip
HAM Subject: re : cp & l  can we verified this gas flowed ? if it did it should have been billed on his  term deal if there was one in place . if the gas flowed and we did not  invoice for it on term let me know and i will put it in .  janet h wallis  03 / 22 / 2001 04 : 53 pm  to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect  cc : katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron  subject : cp & l  bob says he was not billed for a purchase he made from you at 5 k $ 5 . 16 on  feb 21 st . will you check this out and get with  bob a and katherine herrera .  jw
HAM Subject: start date : 2 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ;  start date : 2 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020608 . txt  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .
HAM Subject: aiesec  vince ,  my name is shelly jones , i am the analyst recruiting manager for the  associate / analyst program . christy young passed on information from the  university of houston aiesec program . due to the restructuring of the  associate / analyst program and the new policies regarding the interview  process , compensation , offers , etc . , we will not be participating in the  aiesec program this year . due to your past interest in the program , i have  forwarded the literature on to you , via inter - office mail , for your  consideration .  please contact me if you have any questions .  thank you for your time .  shelly jones
HAM Subject: revision - black marlin - meter 986782 for 8 / 98 - ua 4  revision - according to measurement , there is flow of 7 , 394 in 8 / 98 , however ,  there is nothing to indicate this is gas that was received on hpl in oss . i  checked mips and there is a measurement statement that supports the flow rate  of 7 , 394 mmbtu .  daren is there a deal in cpr which may not have fed over to oss ? i checked  oss for the whole year of 1998 and there are no other deals in oss . it does  seem strange that this is the only month of flow .  thanks , stella
HAM Subject: analyst placement  analyst business unit supervisor  john weakly risk management for equity & debt trading bennett kauffman  michael benien business analysis & reporting norman levine  jody crook gas assets steve venturatos  israel estrada global rate services mary solmonson  sharon hausinger ees commercial risk management barry vanderhorst  jennifer keith ees financial operations patrick hanes  christine milliner corporate hr suzanne brown  justin o ' malley ees gas commodities david draper  adnan patel global counterparty mary gosnell  lauren schlesinger ees financial planning matt culver  shirley sidler global products scott earnest  leah stephens global products kevin sweeney  george thomas business analysis & reporting jody pierce  angie zeman ne logistics kathy kelly  the following analysts are still in need of a first rotation :  sebastien bouvier  henry montana  cindy to
HAM Subject: 9 / 12 / 01 neon lesson  - neon - suffering . doc
HAM Subject: rice / enron finance seminar series  - attl . htm
HAM Subject: deal 107937 for 1 / 2000  daren ,  stacey is out of the office today , i hope you can help . deal 107937 was  originally set up for 155 , 000 , but the nom was changed to 140 , 000 . i show  5 , 000 was purchased from conoco , where did hplc get the additional 135 , 000 ?  sitara shows hplc im wellhead . joanie ngo says txu is saying they bought  155 , 000 . i am trying to back track to the purchase invoices to see what we  were invoiced .
HAM Subject: risk 2000 panel discussion  hello everyone :  vince kaminski would be available for a conference call on wednesday ,  may 31 at 10 : 00 or 11 : 00 am est . the rest of the day is rather full .  please let me know if either time is convenient for you . if not , maybe we  could do it on june 1 - he is free most of the day with the exception of  12 : 30 - 2 : 00 est .  look forward to hearing from you .  thanks !  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron corp . research  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com
HAM Subject: energycast  please could you sort out an guest id for one month .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 27 / 07 / 2000  13 : 59 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  26 / 07 / 2000 09 : 05  to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : energycast  louise ,  can we grant him guest access to eol again ? he is he same  person who requested it a few weeks ago . evidently he was busy  working on another project .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 07 / 26 / 2000  09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " edward krapels " on 07 / 25 / 2000 11 : 09 : 47 am  please respond to ekrapels @ esaibos . com  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : energycast  dear vince ,  i hope your trip to australia was successful . it ' s one of my favorite places  to go .  i ' ve copied you on the email to mike initiating enron ' s trial service to  energycast . thanks for helping to set this up .  would you ask the authorities in enron to refresh my access to enrononline ?  my guest user id as ena 61296 and my guest password was tr 84 byl 3 . they no  longer work , probably because i haven ' t visited the site in months as we  were in full development mode on energycast .  vince , you will note in our website references to forward prices of power in  nepool , nypp , and pjm . we use reuters as a reference - - not satisfactory . if  your traders like energycast and enron became a client , would enron consider  linking its prices to our site ? we have to improve over the reuters quotes  and regard enrononline or bloomberg as the best candidates . over time , as  our service spreads i believe this could help generate deal flow for your  traders .  let me know what you think .  ed
HAM Subject: re : rankings  louise , as per your email below , i am requesting your approval to change the supervisor for the below listed employees to jaime williams and steve irvin for the purpose of them obtaining feedback and accomplishments in order to supply you with a ranking .  enrique lenci - gonzales - associate  victor manual gonzales - associate  marc sabine - associate  augustin perez miranda - mgr origination  matthew duffy - mgr - origination  graciela perez leal - admin i  barbara martinez morales - admin ii  miguel angel rodriquez - clerk  julissa benevides - sr . admin  from : kitchen , louise  sent : thu 6 / 21 / 2001 11 : 52 am  to : williams , jaime ; irvin , steve  cc : melodick , kim  subject : rankings  can both of you get together and give me rankings for each of the following people .  i would like half a page on each of their accomplishments for this first half of 2001 and the same for each of you guys .  thanks  louise
HAM Subject: revised nomination  deal # 377169 has been revised today effective 4 / 19 / 01 as follows :  c / p meter # trade zone from to  cokinos 98 - 9842 07 0 3 , 000  bob
HAM Subject: iwon member news : iwon tv show , new year of prizes , more !  dear daren farmer ,  we ' ve just made two major announcements !  we will be awarding our $ 10 million annual grand prize , our  march $ 1 million prize , a mercedes convertible and a trip for  four to maui plus $ 25 , 000 spending money during our very own  network tv show !  the first - ever " iwon . com annual $ 10 million giveaway " airs  april 15 th , from 8 : 00 - 8 : 30 pm et / pt , on the cbs television network .  get all the latest show news at :  we ' re launching a new , bigger and better yearlong sweepstakes  starting april lst ! what makes it bigger and better ? we ' re  adding 30 - that ' s right , thirty - $ 1 , 000 cash prizes as part  of our new weekly prize club , while continuing our $ 10 , 000 daily ,  $ 1 million monthly and $ 10 million annual sweepstakes . iwon  just keeps getting better !  to learn more about our new prize structure and automatically be  entered into our march bonus $ 20 , 000 sweepstakes , click here :  click here for the official march bonus $ 20 , 000 sweepstakes rules :  " my iwon " - all your personalized info on just one page !  personalize your " my iwon " page and you can enjoy all this at a glance :  ? expanded news headlines ( add up to 16 categories ! )  ? local weather conditions ( now with more forecast information than ever ! )  ? sports scores ( with easy access to new associated press coverage ! )  ? daily horoscope ( featuring a new dating guide and more - one click away ! )  ? lottery results , stock updates , favorite links and more !  make " my iwon " all yours at :  play free games and win big prizes at prizecentral . com !  choose from 15 games from solitaire to slots . earn tokens , and  redeem for your choice of over $ 300 , 000 in monthly prizes like  cash , dvd players , diamond earrings , toys , vacations and much more .  everyone wins at prize central . prizes start at only 5 tokens .  click here now to play for free !  introducing the new iwon tax center !  april 17 th is coming - have you done your taxes yet ? we have all  the advice , tips and online forms you need , plus a withholding  calculator , tax estimator and more !  visit the tax center at :  good luck and have fun !  george nimeh  vice president  community and member services  iwon . com http : / / www . iwon . com why wouldn ' t you ?  need help ?  if you have any questions about the iwon service , please  visit our online help center .  visit iwon help at :  you received this newsletter because when you registered at  iwon . com , you indicated that you wished to receive email from  us about new features , events and special offers .  we hope you found this newsletter useful . however , if you ' d  like your name taken off the mailing list , you can update  your preferences by changing your member profile .  to update your member profile , go to the iwon homepage and  click on " my profile " which is located at the bottom of the  page . ( if you ' re not signed - in , you will need to do so before  you can update your profile . ) from your member profile page ,  you can change your email preferences .  update your profile at :  no purchase necessary to enter the iwon sweepstakes or march  $ 20 , 000 bonus sweepstakes . void where prohibited . promotions  open to u . s . residents 18 or older . odds depend on number of  entries . promotions end 4 / 1 / 00 .  email distribution services for iwon . com provided by  dartmail .  * # * dfarmer @ ect . enron . com
HAM Subject: nom / actual flow for 2 / 22 / 01  we agree .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david avila / lsp / enserch / us on 02 / 23 / 2001  10 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " eileen ponton " on 02 / 23 / 2001 10 : 14 : 42 am  to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa  jones / texas utilities @ tu  cc :  subject : nom / actual flow for 2 / 22 / 01  nom = 60 , 000  actual flow = 58 , 094 ( 56 , 567 mcf , 1 . 027 btu )
HAM Subject: fw : just some info before you vote  mike triem  na ipaq ' eric geiger ' ; ' jacob  crawford ' ; ' laura gambrell ' ; ' lgambrell @ sammons - parker . com ' ; ' steve ' ;  ' victor mamich '  cc : ' bg _ jg @ compuserve . com ' ; triem , mike ; ' anthony _ prado @ agfg . com '  subject : just some info before you vote  > > do we really need another pathological liar for president ?  > >  > > fiction : al gore recently claimed that his mother - in - law pays more  > > than $ 100 . 00 for the arthritis medicine lodine ; and he claims that  > > his  > > dog takes the same medicine for $ 37 . 00 , claiming " this is wrong ! "  > > fact : gore ' s aides were quick to apologize for gore ' s lie , saying  the  > >  > > information was from a democratic study . washington newspapers also  > > reported that al gore wasn ' t even sure his mother - in - law was taking  > > any  > > medication and wasn ' t even sure she had arthritis . and , he doesn ' t  > > know  > > anything about his dog ' s " arthritis " .  > >  > > fiction : al gore said his father , a senator , was a champion of  > > civil rights during the 1960 ' s .  > > fact : gore ' s father voted against the landmark civil rights act of  > > 1964 and was a racist who was fond of using the " n " word .  > >  > > fiction : al gore said that his sister was the very first person to  > > join  > > the peace corps .  > > fact : by the time gore ' s sister joined the peace corps , there were  > > already over 100 members .  > >  > > fiction : the same sister died of lung cancer years later and gore  > > vowed to never accept tobacco money as campaign contributions .  > > fact : just four years later , while campaigning for office , gore  > > spoke to the tobacco industry and said he was one of them because  > > " i ' ve planted it , raised it , cut it , and dried it . " he raised over  > > $ 100 , 000 in  > > " reported " contributions .  > >  > > fiction : while running for office , gore ' s campaign literature  claimed  > >  > > he was a " brilliant student " .  > > fact : washington newspapers said he barely passed harvard and  > > consistently earned d ' s and c ' s .  > > fiction : gore claims an extensive knowledge of law as a result of  > > his extensive study at law school .  > > fact : al gore dropped out of law school .  > >  > > fiction : gore claimed that his knowledge of god and spirituality  > > came to complete fruition while " finishing " divinity school .  > > fact : al gore dropped out of divinity school .  > >  > > fiction : al gore claimed responsibility for inventing the internet  > > in the 1990 ' s .  > > fact : shocked scientists were quick to speak out , explaining that  > > the internet had been in widespread use by government and  educational  > >  > > institutions since the early 1970 ' s .  > >  > > fiction : al gore claimed the book " love story " was based on his  > > life and tipper ' s .  > > fact : author erich segal called a press conference to deny his  claim .  > >  > > ( couldn ' t he at least lie about a love story where his sweetheart  > > doesn ' t die ? "  > > fiction : gore claimed that as a reporter for a nashville  > > newspaper , his stories led to the arrests of numerous corrupt  > > criminals .  > > fact : he later apologized for his claim and actually said it was  > > untrue ( also known as lying ) .  > >  > > fiction : gore claims to increase diversity in the staff that  > > follows him daily , especially among blacks .  > > fact : black members of the secret service are suing because they  > > claim they are not being promoted to positions guarding the  > > vice - president .  > > fiction : al gore said he was the first to discover the love canal  > > nuclear accident .  > > fact : the incident was already discovered , being investigated , and  > > covered widely in the press for many months before gore was aware of  > > it .  > > fiction : gore said just recently that if elected president , he  > > would put harsh sanctions on the sleazy producers of hollywood ' s  > > extreme  > > sex and violence .  > > fact : just six days later , gore attended a fundraiser by  > > hollywood producers and radical gay activists where he told them  that  > > he  > > would only pretend to " nudge them " if elected . he raised over $ 4  > > million .  > > fiction : al gore said he built his tennessee home with his bare  > > hands .  > > fact : totally false !  > >  > > fiction : al gore says parents should not have a choice between  > > private and public schools because public schools are far better .  > > truth : al gore attended private school and he has sent his  > > children to private schools .  > >  > > fiction : al gore remembers his mother lulling him to sleep as a  > > baby by singing the popular ditty , " wear the union label " .  > > fact : the popular ditty was created by the unions when gore was 27  > > years old .  > > fiction : al gore claimed to co - sponsor the mccain - feingold  > > campaign reform act .  > > fact : the act was not sponsored until he had been out of office  > > for over a year .  > >  > > fiction : al gore claims to be instrumental in keeping gas prices  > > low .  > > fact : gore has voted on numerous occasions to raise the tax on  > > gasoline . in his book " earth in the balance " gore claims that the  > > nation ' s  > > number one enemy is the internal combustion engine . ( that ' s the  motor  > >  > > in your vehicle that gets you to work and takes your kids to school )  > >  > > fiction : gore pretends to champion the rights of poor women to be  > > tested regularly for breast cancer with the most modern technology .  > > fact : while giving a speech on the subject in september , gore  > > didn ' t know what a mammogram was .  > > fiction : al gore promised florida ' s senior citizens that they  > > would finally have low - cost drugs with no interference from  > > government .  > > fact : gore ' s plan calls for the creation of a huge federal agency  > > that would tell you which doctor you are allowed to see in order to  > > get  > > the " special rates " .  > >  > > fact : al gore told nbc ' s lisa meyers that he had never told a lie .  > > when meyers pressed harder , " you ' ve never told a lie ? ! " gore said ,  > > " not  > > that i know of . " sound familiar ?  > > election day is ticking away . e - mail this to as many people as  > > possible  > > or we will be living in an al gore fantasyland .  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > >  > > > > > > reprinted from the internet news bureau article " al gore ' s  21  > > lies "  > > > > > >  > > > > > > do we really need another pathological liar for president ?  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  >  >  > ssgt espinoza a . a .  > itc / training  > dsn 678 - 6961  >
HAM Subject: update . . . while you were out  just wanted to catch you up on the events over the past week . . . . and a couple  of things i want to talk to you about next week  reporting :  it has been a continual challenge as you well know . the good news is the  individual from ees ( chris luttrell ) accepted jay ' s offer today and he is  going to start on march 3 .  that said , i talked to chris today and filled him in on where we are and what  we want to accomplish . he feels our best option will be oracle .  to ensure we are prepared for his arrival next monday , we are preparing the  detail of what we are doing today , both our assumptions and all of the  various data sources for our current management reporting  also , dave and i met with wanda and georgeanne on tuesday regarding revenue .  i believe dave sent you an update of this meeting . we are meeting with  georgeanne today to go over our assumptions , conversions , etc . to ensure that  we are consistent with those conversations in the annual report , and to  ensure that we are capturing all of the enron data  customer database - we have been fine tuning this all week , and i think we  are about there . there are still some minor differences , but we are working  to sort through these today ( everyone is involved in the tie out ) . i will  review the new report format with you on monday and we will start sending  this out then .  we also have an access person that is working on improving our current  database since we will have to live with this in the short term .  trading activity :  it seems that we are seeing an increase in customers wanting to modify eol  deals for various reasons ( one being web latency . . . they are claiming that the  deal did not show up on their transaction summary , so they thought it did not  go through , and they did another deal . . . and this first deal appeared sometime  later ) . we have continued to emphasize the importance of not changing these  deals after they are completed , but despite this , it is still happening . i  am going to try and track down jeff shankman this afternoon to discuss .  we are also seeing more and more customers trading under the wrong  entities . . . for example , aquila risk mgmt is executing physical deals , when  they should be only executing financial deals . from my understanding , we  have " left the door open " for them to trade either way and are relying on  them to trade under the correct counterparty . this is causing several  problems downstream . . for instance , customers are wanting ena to send modified  invoices with the name of the correct counterparty ( despite the fact that  they were the ones transacting under the wrong entity ) . we need to discuss  how leaving this door open affects our downstream processes .  other :  i talked to both dave and bob yesterday to ensure that we were in the loop on  new products , etc . to ensure that we are better prepared for the launch of  new products ( e . g . credit derivatives ) .  help desk news . . . matt m . accepted a position with the remedy development  team . we are going to move noel ( he works nights ) to the day shift to take  over matt ' s role . donna assures me that he is very good . sandy rivas also  wants to leave the group . we should be able to handle the volume of calls  without replacing them . i need to go over some call statistics with you next  week . we have not received one phone call from a customer on the weekends ,  and we receive less than . 1 calls per hour between the hours of 7 pm to  midnight . i think we can get away with eliminating weekends , and using on  call pagers from 7 to midnight .  one question - we currently are considering ees an external counterparty and  enron canada an internal counterparty . we are now trading with bridgeline  gas marketing ( joint venture with texaco - 40 % ownership ) . we need to  determine what we are considering internal vs external . i would think these  would be external due to the fact that these are settled transactions . . . any  thoughts ?  i know this is a lot of info , but i also know you are going to be in high  demand on monday !  i hope you are enjoying your ski trip ! ! !  sheri
HAM Subject: hpl nom for march 13 , 2001  ( see attached file : hplno 313 . xls )  - hplno 313 . xls
HAM Subject: kudos  congratulations on your promotion - - well deserved ! !  lucy
HAM Subject: re : update on prc process for vp ' s  thanks for the update on the timing of my review . for your information , i am  already signed up for the november 13 - 14 th session of the executive influence  & impact course .  enron north america corp .  from : sally beck 07 / 07 / 2000 09 : 25 pm  to : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : update on prc process for vp ' s  today ' s ena prc was a pre - ranking session for vp ' s . all vp ' s will be  reviewed at an enron - wide prc scheduled for early august . representatives at  that enron prc from ena will be janet dietriech , dave delainey , john lavorato  and greg piper . they will use information from today ' s ena prc meeting in  representing you at the enron - wide vp prc . i have provided copies of your  accomplishments and consolidated supervisor feedback forms to dave delainey  for reference during that process .  your reviews will be given after the enron - wide vp prc , and will not be  completed before the end of july . i will schedule an august date with you  for your review as soon as i know the exact date of the final prc meeting .  separately , you both should sign up for the executive influence and impact  course that is required of vp ' s . i thought that the course was very good .  all vp ' s are strongly encouraged to complete this course . it is a 2 or 3 day  course that is offered every month or two here in houston . i would contact  dick amiable to inquire on how to sign up for this .
HAM Subject: fw : fw : re : status of enron power marketing , inc . ( " epmi " ) and  enron energy services , inc . ( " eesi " )  message sent out to the industry by one of frank hilton ' s girls at aep .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lrgroff @ aep . com [ mailto : lrgroff @ aep . com ]  sent : thursday , november 29 , 2001 11 : 14 am  to : niemej @ pjm . com  cc : aababp @ pplweb . com ; adjackson @ pepco . com ; akspanos @ pepco . com ;  astubbs @ mhm - law . com ; bburcat @ state . de . us ; bill _ fenerty @ fpl . com ;  bob . erbrick @ elpaso . com ; bpbolbat @ pplweb . com ;  bruce _ i _ bleiweis @ reliantenergy . com ; buckley @ puc . state . pa . us ;  bwagne 2 @ alleghenyenergy . com ; cciabattoni @ peco - energy . com ;  cwalker @ scc . state . va . us ; cwroher @ pepco . com ; cynthia . midura @ pseg . com ;  dcummings @ odec . com ; deniseoca @ aol . com ; dgriffiths @ paoca . org ;  downingm @ firstenergycorp . com ; eckenrod @ puc . state . pa . us ; sacks , edward ;  elenser @ pepcoenergy . com ; eric . slover @ mirant . com ; fhilton @ aep . com ;  fjegede @ state . de . us ; gcarmean @ psc . state . md . us ; ghu @ dcpsc . org ;  gina . rodrigues @ pseg . com ; glenn . holman @ peco - energy . com ; gminer @ gpu . com ;  goldmanndv @ nmenergy . com ; gshomper @ gpu . com ; gwen . kelly @ pseg . com ;  haloomis @ nyseg . com ; harvey . reed @ powersrc . com ; horwathw @ dteenergy . com ;  housek @ puc . state . pa . us ; imiller @ aesc . com ; jdillard @ state . de . us ;  jeff . buzonas @ elpaso . com ; jfavaloro @ newenergy . com ;  jim . barnes @ conectiv . com ; jim . croyle @ nrgenergy . com ; jmccormick @ sel . com ;  jmgeorge @ pplweb . com ; jmulloy @ wpsenergy . com ; john . j . murach @ bge . com ;  john . mccawley @ peco - energy . com ; jranieri @ newpower . com ;  jvalleau @ cenhud . com ; kent . j . davis @ bge . com ; kevin . cain @ bge . com ;  kgalmquist @ pepco . com ; kgstorie @ advantageenergyusa . com ;  khalid . abedin @ powersrc . com ; kneilson @ state . de . us ;  leonard . w . nowicki @ bge . com ; levin @ puc . state . pa . us ;  lkushnir @ pepcoenergy . com ; lrgroff @ aep . com ; mark . finfrock @ conectiv . com ;  martin . matijasich @ mirant . com ; mdavies @ calpine . com ;  michael . a . brown @ bge . com ; michael . kinsey @ elpaso . com ; mike . grim @ txu . com ;  mjmeyers @ pepco . com ; mlu @ hess . com ; mpechin @ pwrteam . com ;  nate . wilson @ conectiv . com ; outbackpwrmrkt @ aol . com ;  pbarber @ edisonmission . com ; perrotti @ bpu . state . nj . us ;  philip . robinson @ powersrc . com ; pmsmith @ pepco . com ; pwfriel @ pepco . com ;  ralph . landolfi @ peco - energy . com ; rhesse @ nui . com ; rknight @ duke - energy . com ;  robertn . spencer @ peco - energy . com ; robert . krauss @ pseg . com ;  rosteen @ powersrc . com ; roy _ andrew @ dom . com ; rviola @ edisonmission . com ;  sbruce @ mwn . com ; steve . mcdonald @ neg . pge . com ; susan . cooley @ mirant . com ;  tammy . barrientos @ xemkt . com ; tim . neuman @ williams . com ;  ttyson @ pepcoenergy . com ; vgeissle @ pwrteam . com ; wagn @ dynegy . com ;  whthompson @ aep . com ; wkoster @ newpower . com  subject : re : fw : re : status of enron power marketing , inc . ( " epmi " ) and  enron energy services , inc . ( " eesi " )  that ' s pretty scary given that they are in default everywhere else in the  market and their parent has been downgraded to junk . what exactly does  good standing and compliance mean ? ? ?  | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - >  | | niemej @ pjm . co |  | | m |  | | |  | | 11 / 28 / 01 |  | | 05 : 37 pm |  | | |  | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - >  | |  | to : aababp @ pplweb . com , astubbs @ mhm - law . com , adjackson @ pepco . com , whthompson @ aep . com , bruce _ i _ bleiweis @ reliantenergy . com , |  | bpbolbat @ pplweb . com , bwagne 2 @ alleghenyenergy . com , buckley @ puc . state . pa . us , bburcat @ state . de . us , cwalker @ scc . state . va . us , |  | cciabattoni @ peco - energy . com , cynthia . midura @ pseg . com , cwroher @ pepco . com , dgriffiths @ paoca . org , dcummings @ odec . com , deniseoca @ aol . com , |  | goldmanndv @ nmenergy . com , edward . sacks @ enron . com , elenser @ pepcoenergy . com , eric . slover @ mirant . com , fhilton @ aep . com , fjegede @ state . de . us , |  | gcarmean @ psc . state . md . us , gminer @ gpu . com , ghu @ dcpsc . org , gina . rodrigues @ pseg . com , glenn . holman @ peco - energy . com , gshomper @ gpu . com , |  | gwen . kelly @ pseg . com , haloomis @ nyseg . com , harvey . reed @ powersrc . com , outbackpwrmrkt @ aol . com , housek @ puc . state . pa . us , imiller @ aesc . com , |  | jdillard @ state . de . us , jeff . buzonas @ elpaso . com , jmulloy @ wpsenergy . com , jim . barnes @ conectiv . com , jim . croyle @ nrgenergy . com , |  | jmccormick @ sel . com , jvalleau @ cenhud . com , jfavaloro @ newenergy . com , jmgeorge @ pplweb . com , john . j . murach @ bge . com , |  | john . mccawley @ peco - energy . com , jranieri @ newpower . com , kneilson @ state . de . us , kgalmquist @ pepco . com , wagn @ dynegy . com , kent . j . davis @ bge . com , |  | kevin . cain @ bge . com , khalid . abedin @ powersrc . com , kgstorie @ advantageenergyusa . com , lkushnir @ pepcoenergy . com , leonard . w . nowicki @ bge . com , |  | levin @ puc . state . pa . us , lrgroff @ aep . com , downingm @ firstenergycorp . com , mark . finfrock @ conectiv . com , martin . matijasich @ mirant . com , |  | mjmeyers @ pepco . com , mlu @ hess . com , michael . a . brown @ bge . com , michael . kinsey @ elpaso . com , mpechin @ pwrteam . com , mike . grim @ txu . com , |  | mdavies @ calpine . com , nate . wilson @ conectiv . com , pbarber @ edisonmission . com , pwfriel @ pepco . com , pmsmith @ pepco . com , perrotti @ bpu . state . nj . us , |  | philip . robinson @ powersrc . com , ralph . landolfi @ peco - energy . com , rosteen @ powersrc . com , rknight @ duke - energy . com , eckenrod @ puc . state . pa . us , |  | bob . erbrick @ elpaso . com , rhesse @ nui . com , robert . krauss @ pseg . com , robertn . spencer @ peco - energy . com , rviola @ edisonmission . com , |  | roy _ andrew @ dom . com , steve . mcdonald @ neg . pge . com , sbruce @ mwn . com , susan . cooley @ mirant . com , ttyson @ pepcoenergy . com , |  | tammy . barrientos @ xemkt . com , akspanos @ pepco . com , tim . neuman @ williams . com , vgeissle @ pwrteam . com , bill _ fenerty @ fpl . com , |  | horwathw @ dteenergy . com , wkoster @ newpower . com |  | cc : |  | subject : fw : re : status of enron power marketing , inc . ( " epmi " ) and enron energy services , inc . ( " eesi " ) |  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : jones , patricia  > sent : wednesday , november 28 , 2001 5 : 37 pm  > to : ' pjm - mc @ majordomo . pjm . com ' ; ' pjm - emc @ majordomo . pjm . com '  > cc : harris , p . g . ; vice presidents ; foley , beth ; taylor , cindee ;  lawson ,  > stephen ; niemeyer , jay  > subject : re : status of enron power marketing , inc . ( " epmi " ) and  enron  > energy services , inc . ( " eesi " )  >  >  > in response to inquiries that pjm interconnection , l . l . c . ( " pjm " ) has  > received , pjm is providing the following information concerning the  status of  > epmi and eesi .  > * both epmi and eesi are members of pjm in good standing and able  to do  > business in the pjm markets  > * both epmi and eesi are in compliance with pjm ' s credit policy  which can  > be found at www . pjm . com  > pjm is unable to provide any more detailed financial information  consistent  > with its confidentiality obligations found in section 18 . 17 of the pjm  > operating agreement .  >
HAM Subject: discount rates and risk capital  dear vince :  i spent a little bit longer putting together my initial thoughts on  determining discount rates than i originally anticipated . it is somewhat  surprising , but there really isn ' t much academic work that i am aware of  that addresses these issues .  very briefly ,  1 . i think we need to come up with a way to define the concept of risk  capital simultaneously with the appropriate discount rate .  2 . i think it is important to model enron ' s opportunity cost of capital and  how that changes over time . the liquidity of a project will affect its  value in a very significant way when the opportunity cost of capital  changes over time . there is also likely to be a relation between duration  and discount rates that depends on the factors generating enron ' s  opportunity cost of capital .  3 . i have vague ideas about possible simulations that may help us quantify  some of the issues that i have raised .  please take a look at the attached document . you might find this somewhat  confusing , so i will give you a call later in the week to discuss this .  please let me know when you will be free . i look forward to hearing from you .  regards ,  sheridan  - determining discount rates for risky projects . doc  sheridan titman  department of finance  college of business administration  university of texas  austin , texas 78712 - 1179  512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone )  512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax )  titman @ mail . utexas . edu
HAM Subject: first delivery - rodessa operating co .  see attached letter
HAM Subject: texas ena off - system rates  kim ,  will you please get with mary smith and trisha hughes with the texas rates  group  and pick up from them the off system pipeline rates that they are handling .  you may want to visit with daren farmer also about the level of activity .  we need to transition this work to your team as soon as possible .  thanks  bob
HAM Subject: fw : deal 93836  this deal is for global # 96022051 . this is between hpl and black marlin pipeline company . this should be handled by your group .  thank you .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : anderson , bridgette  sent : tuesday , november 27 , 2001 12 : 49 pm  to : hilliard , marlene ; campos , sylvia a .  subject : fw : deal 93836  marlene / sylvia ,  please see message below pertaining to a transport deal .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : campos , anthony  sent : tuesday , november 27 , 2001 12 : 45 pm  to : anderson , bridgette  subject : fw : deal 93836  from darren farmer .  thank you ,  anthony campos  enron corp . _ global contracts  713 . 853 . 7905 ( office )  713 . 646 . 2495 ( fax )  713 . 709 . 0373 ( pager )  anthony . campos @ enron . com  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : farmer , daren j .  sent : tuesday , november 27 , 2001 12 : 43 pm  to : campos , anthony  subject : fw : deal 93836  anthony ,  can you take care of this ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : farmer , daren j .  sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 3 : 04 pm  to : campos , anthony  subject : fw : deal 93836  anthony ,  can you change the counterparty name on deal 93836 to black marlin pipeline company inc . ?  d  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : schumack , sherlyn  sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 8 : 50 am  to : farmer , daren j .  subject : fw : deal 93836  daren ,  will you let me know when this change has been made ? i need to get some payments finaled by 3 pm tomorrow .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : schumack , sherlyn  sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 12 : 08 pm  to : farmer , daren j .  subject : re : deal 93836  prior to 7 / 99 this was ena not hpl , but there may be some issues on it as well for 3 / 99 to 6 / 99 . the deal ticket we used was 62717 . i will have to look further into the ena activity because i know we still have some invoices that were paid under one company and we still have drafts under the other .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : farmer , daren j .  sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 10 : 42 am  to : schumack , sherlyn  subject : re : deal 93836  this ticket starts with 7 / 99 production . how were all of the other months paid ?  d  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : schumack , sherlyn  sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 10 : 32 am  to : farmer , daren j .  subject : deal 93836  daren ,  i am trying to get some payments out to williams for old months 11 / 2000 and 1 / 2001 but global counterparty said this deal should have black marlin pipeline company inc . instead of black marlin pipeline company effective 3 / 99 . the black marlin pipeline company was for an internal record ( when it was an enron entity ) .
HAM Subject: california senate formally withdraws contempt actions against enron  yesterday , we reached agreement with the senate regarding the terms and conditions under which the company would provide information to senator dunn ' s committee investigating wholesale price spikes .  in return , dunn agreed to have is committee formally withdraw all contempt actions against enron .  this morning , dunn convened his committee and the committee formally withdrew the contempt actions .  a story related to the deal is attached .  if you have any questions , just let me know .  best ,  jeff  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : denne , karen  sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 11 : 02 am  to : kean , steven j . ; sanders , richard b . ; dasovich , jeff ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; schmidt , ann m .  subject : contempt articles  enron agrees to provide files , averts senate contempt finding  by emily bazar  bee capitol bureau  ( published sept . 14 , 2001 )  state lawmakers moved to drop contempt charges against enron corp . on thursday after the energy marketer agreed to begin turning over thousands of pages of documents immediately .  the last - minute wrangling between enron and a special senate committee investigating energy price manipulation essentially brought to an end a series of extraordinary legislative proceedings that were last invoked in 1929 .  following hours of closed - door meetings , enron signed an agreement in the early evening , allowing it to dodge an impending contempt finding by the full senate and the possibility of stiff fines .  under the deal , enron will begin sharing records with the committee in exchange for a confidentiality agreement intended to protect its most sensitive documents after they are turned over .  " it took too long to bring this to resolution , " said state sen . joe dunn , d - santa ana , who chairs the committee . " i can ' t help but think it had to do with the pending sanctions for contempt . "  as part of the deal , however , enron did not agree to drop the lawsuit it filed in july asking the court to intervene on its behalf , said spokeswoman karen denne . she said the company is still considering its options .  " we ' re pleased they ' ve agreed to withdraw the contempt charges , " denne said .  enron - - and two other companies that managed to quickly purge the charges against them - - had been found in contempt in late june after it refused to turn over documents , violating subpoenas that the committee issued on june 11 .  the subpoenas called for documents of all kinds , including those with specific details - - prices , quantities and capacity - - of the companies ' transactions in the state ' s wholesale electricity market .  enron officials balked at the request , saying they didn ' t want to turn over documents that might include confidential trade secrets .  ultimately , the refusal to turn over documents brought the company perilously close to being found in contempt by the senate .  thursday morning , the senate rules committee met to consider the committee ' s contempt recommendation and whether it should be forwarded to the full senate , along with suggested punishments in the form of fines .  after an hour of finger - pointing and confusing allegations , senate president pro tem john burton sent the two sides into a conference room to work out their differences .  at 6 p . m . , enron officials signed the same confidentiality agreement that several other companies have signed .  dunn said his committee will continue to meet throughout the fall and will inspect the documents that have been provided by energy companies .  in addition , the committee awaits records from several municipal utilities , including the sacramento municipal utility district . smud was among 11 municipal utilities that recently received subpoenas from the committee requesting documents .  the bee ' s emily bazar can be reached at ( 916 ) 326 - 5540 or ebazar @ sacbee . com .  enron and state reach agreement on papers  the power company avoids a contempt order for files on electricity market .  september 14 , 2001  by kimberly kindy  the orange county register  sacramento - - enron corp . signed a confidentiality agreement late thursday that should allow for the release of thousands of documents to aid in a senate investigation into the california electricity market .  the compromise apparently ends six months of stalled negotiations .  at stake for enron was a move to hold the company in contempt and start assessing millions of dollars in fines .  the senate rules committee on thursday morning had delayed for a day a vote to consider asking the full senate to hold enron in contempt because the company has not turned over the subpoenaed documents .  while delaying the decision , senate leader john burton , d - san francisco , ordered attorneys from the legislative counsel of california , a senate committee investigating electricity price gouging and enron into a room to work out an agreement that would protect the security of confidential documents that contain trade secrets .  " let ' s hope cooler minds prevail , " said rules committee member sen . ross johnson , r - irvine , as the committee members moved to a conference room for a daylong meeting .  the contempt proceedings , for now , have been dropped , said sen . joe dunn , d - santa ana , who chairs the senate committee investigating price gouging and possible collusion in the electricity market .  enron officials did not return calls seeking comment on the agreement late thursday .  the state senate today is also expected to consider a resolution that would order the nation ' s two largest public - employee pension funds to sell off stock of any company that is found in contempt by the legislature .  the legislative counsel of california is recommending the action .  " it is not good public policy to hold stock in companies in contempt of the california legislature and therefore in contempt of the people of california , " said dunn , who asked for the counsel ' s review and recommendation .  enron agrees to turn over documents to senate investigators  by jennifer coleman  associated press  september 13 , 2001  sacramento - enron corp . agreed thursday to release company documents to a senate committee investigating possible price manipulation , ending the committee ' s quest to cite the energy company for contempt for not complying with a subpoena .  the senate rules committee heard arguments from enron and the senate select committee to investigate price manipulation of the wholesale energy market over whether the energy company should be found in contempt .  in june , the select committee subpoenaed enron files as part of its investigation into record - high prices in the state ' s wholesale electricity market . enron sued to quash the subpoena , a motion a judge rejected .  the judge agreed , however , that enron was entitled to a protective order for documents revealing sensitive trading and financial information .  sen . joe dunn , d - santa ana , chairman of the select committee , said late thursday that enron agreed to the same confidentiality agreement accepted by several other generators . with that agreement , dunn said , the committee would withdraw a report that recommended enron be found in contempt .  he said he expects documents to be transferred immediately .  dunn had argued the subpoena also covered nonconfidential documents , and since the energy company also refused to release those papers to the committee , it was in contempt .  he asked sen . john burton , d - san francisco , chairman of the rules committee , to approve fines against enron for each day they didn ' t comply with the subpoena . the daily fines would start at $ 1 , 000 , doubling each day for 10 days . then the company would be fined $ 1 million a day .  enron lawyer michael kirby said the company had put 49 , 000 nonconfidential documents in a depository in sacramento so committee investigators could review them .  but dennis murphy , a lawyer for the select committee , said enron didn ' t tell investigators where the depository was located . the committee discovered the address in documents filed by enron for the court case , he said .  " we ' ve been trying to get into the depository for a week . they have not allowed our people in there to verify what documents are in there , " he said .  kirby disputed that , and blamed the committee for delays in turning over the balance of the documents . the two parties haven ' t met since the judge ordered the protective order , and kirby said it was the committee that refused to work out the order ' s details .  dunn said the law requires enron to produce the documents before it was entitled to a protective order .  sen . ross johnson , r - irvine , said dunn ' s push to have enron found in contempt " smacks at this point of enron being punished for exercising their right to go to court . "  a contempt report on reliant energy has also been sent to the senate . a contempt finding against mirant corp . was later reversed when the company opened a document depository in sacramento for the committee ' s investigators .  if the full senate imposes sanctions against reliant or enron , it will be the first time since 1929 , when the senate voted to jail reluctant witnesses during a committee investigation of price fixing and price gouging involving cement sales to the state .
HAM Subject: re : remote offices  the new york 780 3 rd ave office is closed and has been inventoried . i am now working on the removal of the it equipment . the 520 madison office is leased under mg metals and only a few ena employees remain at that location . chicago , montreal and toronto include some mg people and i am hoping to have some clarity on these locations early in the new year .  i appreciate your assistance  paula corey  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : miller , don ( asset mktg )  sent : wednesday , december 19 , 2001 8 : 00 pm  to : kitchen , louise ; shepperd , tammy r . ; colwell , wes  cc : mccarthy , lance ; corey , paula ; helton , susan  subject : re : remote offices  what about toronto and new york ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : wednesday , december 19 , 2001 6 : 23 pm  to : shepperd , tammy r . ; colwell , wes  cc : mccarthy , lance ; corey , paula ; helton , susan ; miller , don ( asset mktg )  subject : re : remote offices  ok  please check with don miller too . netco does not want san francisco going forward and probably not chicago .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : shepperd , tammy r .  sent : wednesday , december 19 , 2001 4 : 25 pm  to : colwell , wes ; kitchen , louise  cc : mccarthy , lance ; corey , paula ; helton , susan  subject : remote offices  we have asked epsc to pay the following leases for the month of january based on feedback from ena commercial leadership . my understanding is that we may still reject these leases under the bankruptcy if we do so by feb 2 . i will revisit the status of these leases with you before february rents are to be paid .  calgary  portland  san francisco  chicago  denver  i have also been contacted by paula corey , who is working on the enterprise strategy for the retrieval and disposition of remote office contents in the event any of these offices are closed . i will keep you posted on the recommendations .  regards ,  tammy
HAM Subject: re : rtp conference  hill ,  yes , i think it can be done . i am in london  right now and i shall come back next week thursday .  please , give me call about it .  vince  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell )  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com  hill huntington on 03 / 22 / 2001 04 : 47 : 33 pm  to : vince kaminsky  cc :  subject : rtp conference  vince ,  sounds like there are several enron people very interested in our  seminar . many thanks for passing the idea around .  do you think that these groups might provide some sponsorship ? i didn ' t  know whether you have already asked them and they are thinking about it or  whether i need to approach them directly . i would appreciate any  suggestions you have .  regards ,  hill  hillard g . huntington  emf - an international forum on  energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050  408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362  stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu  stanford , ca 94305 - 4026  emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf /
HAM Subject: re : portcalc methodology  keith ,  both power and emrs use a c library provided ( also implemented ) by research  group . the methodology of greek calculations in power portcalc has not  changed for more than 6 years since i joined enron 6 years ago . vince  kaminski , stinson gibner or grant masson should be able to help you with both  questions .  zhiyong  keith bowie  06 / 28 / 2000 04 : 22 am  to : zhiyong wei / hou / ect @ ect  cc : brian hudson / lon / ect @ ect  subject : portcalc methodology  zi  i ' ve been asked by risk management :  a ) who in research originally signed off the portcalc formulae  b ) for a copy of the documentation of the methodology ( greek calculations ,  etc . )  hope you can help on both counts .  thanks  keith
HAM Subject: urgent notice  market participants  due to the unusual events occurring on the east coast , the caiso is  anticipating the possibility of having some difficulty facilitating today ' s  hour ahead markets and tomorrow ' s day ahead market .  the caiso is not suspending either market at this time , however the  possibility for the suspension for one or more markets exists .  the caiso will continue to facilitate the hour ahead market as long as  balanced schedules are submitted .  a decision to suspend the day ahead market for operating day 09 - 12 - 01 will  be made by 1200 pst today .  please contact the caiso hour ahead operator ( 916 - 351 - 4409 ) upon receipt of  this message .
HAM Subject: article : ' coal market set to benefit from nymex futures contract '  ( enron mention )  please find attached the above article from energy & power risk management , august 2001 .  kind regards  sarimah black
HAM Subject: enron / hpl actuals for december 29 , 2000 - january 1 , 2001  december 29 , 2000  teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily  ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron  december 30 , 2000  teco tap 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily  december 31 , 2000  teco tap 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily  january 1 , 2001  teco tap 30 . 000 / enron  ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ;  start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010908 . txt
HAM Subject: re : devon sfs  that would be one of our options if they don ' t cash out the balance as of 12 / 31 / 01  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : blair , lynn  sent : thursday , january 10 , 2002 12 : 53 pm  to : hanagriff , richard ; watson , kimberly ; lindberg , lorraine ; lokay , michelle ; mcconnell , mark ; y ' barbo , paul ; mulligan , amy  cc : dietz , rick ; schoolcraft , darrell  subject : re : devon sfs  if i understand correctly , the scheduled volume is continually higher than the flow ? why don ' t  we allocate this point to minimize the imbalance ? just a thought ? thanks . lynn  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : hanagriff , richard  sent : thursday , january 10 , 2002 11 : 39 am  to : watson , kimberly ; lindberg , lorraine ; lokay , michelle ; mcconnell , mark ; y ' barbo , paul ; mulligan , amy  cc : dietz , rick ; blair , lynn ; schoolcraft , darrell  subject : devon sfs  who is the marketer assigned to devon sfs operating ?  devon owed tw $ 161 , 292 . 49 as of 12 / 31 / 01 related to oba contract 21749 . there is one point on this contract ( bilbrey 28 fed 1 ) which flows about 500 mmbtu per day . devon is currently having problems delivering gas into tw which is increasing the imbalance further .  devon has told amy that they will possibly cash out but they haven ' t made a commitment yet . if devon doesn ' t cash out and they do not lower nominations on this point , then we will have to explore other options to get this gas / $ $ $ $ .  amy will continue to follow up with devon and pursue cashing out .  thanks  richard
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 8 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ;  start date : 1 / 8 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected .  variances detected in load schedule .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010802 . txt  - - - - load schedule - - - -  $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads .  details : ( hour : 2 / preferred : 13 . 84 / final : 13 . 81 )  trans _ type : final  load _ id : pge 4  mkt _ type : 2  trans _ date : 1 / 8 / 02  sc _ id : enrj
HAM Subject: hea ' s 34 th annual sports tournament  vincent kaminski ,  you should have received a fax over the labor day weekend regarding our  upcoming sports tournament . if you did not receive it , please visit our  website at www . houstonenergy . org and go to the " next scheduled event " , or  just go directly to http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / public / sportscover . doc . for  all the information you need . hope to see you there and don ' t delay in  sending in your registration !  this message was sent by :  teresa knight , executive director  houston energy association ( hea )  phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551  fax : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424  tknight @ houstoneneryg . org  if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list ,  please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a  mini - form to remove your name automatically .  http : / / www . houstonenergy . org /  if you did not receive the attached file or it was corrupted , you can find it  at : http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / public /
HAM Subject: communications workshop  your hotel room for the communications workshop has been reserved .  your reservation number is 6446157 for the nights of september 12 , 13 and  14 th .  the hotel address is :  hyatt regency san antonio  on the riverwalk  123 losoyo street  san antonio , tx  phone number is 210 - 222 - 1234  on thrusday and friday during the day we will have a dedicated phone number  and fax number .  these numbers will be sent out as soon as they are received from the hotel .
HAM Subject: fsp status report  good afternoon ,  i wanted to give everyone a status report on fsp before i head - out on vacation . in a nutshell , it ' s not quite there . we are now meeting performance targets but we had a few too many bugs to allow users to complete the parallel in - time . i will begin paying my dollar a day debt starting on saturday but i feel fairly confident that we should wrap things up next week . susan amador will be working in portland next week , in my absence , to ensure real - time can finish up their part .  thanks , david poston  here are the details for the remaining 6 days of the parallel :  da preferreds & finals are complete for 5 / 29 - 5 / 31  da preferreds are 99 % complete for 6 / 1 - 6 / 3 . ( * waiting on st - cali to input the last few schedules )  performance figures  template writing = 1 : 30 - 2 : 30 ( target < 3 minutes )  finals processing = 7 minutes ( target < 10 minutes )  bugs  1 remaining critical bug on exercises for supplement schedules , should be finished tomorrow  preliminary schedule ( contingent on no new critical bugs found by real - time )  1 . wrap - up ha parallel first part of next week  2 . migrate code to production end of next week  3 . begin production parallel . as suggested by phil platter , we will continue using the existing toolset but we will write da preferred templates out of fsp at the same time . then we can execute some compare utilities we have developed to ensure the iso templates between caps & fsp match perfectly .  4 . we will run in this mode until the users feel good about fsp .
HAM Subject: enron / hpl actuals for october 27 - 29 , 2000  october 27 , 2000  teco tap 100 . 000 / hpl gas daily  october 28 , 2000  teco tap 104 . 133 / hpl gas daily  october 29 , 2000  teco tap 100 . 000 / hpl gas daily
HAM Subject: new tw poi 78161  this point has been added to tw oba 21817 oneok westex transmission  the effective date of the point is 8 / 01 / 01 ( date changed to avoid future accounting conflicts )  poi name tw / oneok westex ward ite  poi # 78161  drn # 304050  point is bi - directional  operator transwestern pipeline  dennis p . lee  ets  gas logistics  ( 713 ) 853 - 1715  dennis . lee @ enron . com
HAM Subject: data storage market gets physical  read about enron ' s entry into the data storage market .  also in this issue :  sizing up enrononline ' s competition  brazil ' s new merchant plant  ebs sponsors sundance  it ' s all in the latest ebiz . go to home . enron . com , click publications , then  click ebiz , and " ebiz february 2 , 2001 . "
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 31 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ;  start date : 12 / 31 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123104 . txt  ! ! ! general sql error .  couldn ' t update ; currently locked .  table  ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress .  ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress .  ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress .  - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - -  * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule .  details :  trans _ type : final  sc _ id : ectstca  mkt _ type : 2  trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01  tie _ point : malin _ 5 _ rndmtn  interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 3000  engy _ type : firm  * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule .  details :  trans _ type : final  sc _ id : ectstsw  mkt _ type : 2  trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01  tie _ point : pverde _ 5 _ devers  interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 5000  engy _ type : wheel  * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule .  details :  trans _ type : final  sc _ id : ectstsw  mkt _ type : 2  trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01  tie _ point : mead _ 2 _ walc  interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 8000  engy _ type : firm  * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule .  details :  trans _ type : final  sc _ id : ectstsw  mkt _ type : 2  trans _ date : 12 / 31 / 01  tie _ point : mead _ 2 _ walc  interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 5000  engy _ type : wheel
HAM Subject: nomination change on tejas effective 7 / 8 / 00  devon changes effective saturday 7 / 8 / 2000 .  bev  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 07 / 06 / 2000 11 : 14  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : " cynthia cantrell "  07 / 06 / 2000 11 : 12 am  to :  cc :  subject : nomination change on tejas effective 7 / 8 / 00  attached is a revised nomination at the trevino plant on tejas to be  effective 7 / 8 / 00 . if you have questions , please call me at ( 405 ) 552 - 4611 .  cynthia cantrell  - enrontrevinoplto 70800 . xls
HAM Subject: var numbers for the 26 th  hi vince ,  i apologise that i did not send you the following mail . . .  kirsteee  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kirstee hewitt / lon / ect on 28 / 07 / 2000  20 : 21 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron europe  from : kirstee hewitt 27 / 07 / 2000 20 : 33  to : andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com  cc : bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect  subject : var numbers for the 26 th  hi andreas ,  i have run the var model for the 26 th july and have attached a zip file of  the results :  the total var is $ 4 , 170 , 653 and the cu position is $ 1 , 852 , 876 .  i have had trouble getting hold of you so i thought i would summarised what i  wanted to talk about ( also i thought  i would give your ears a rest ! )  basically it is wrt the second point in your mail yesterday ( we briefly  discussed it earlier ) .  the fax you sent me to explain the risk calculation suggested that you use a  5 day period of adjustment to calculate  the risk ( in this case it is called capital at risk ) . the var calculation for  our model is for a one day holding period which means that your risk factor  will be reduced by a factor equal the sqrt ( 5 ) or 2 . 24 .  since :  old risk factor ( % ) = 1 . 65 * ( std of the price movement ) = 3 . 99 %  new daily risk factor = 3 . 99 / 2 . 24 = 1 . 78 % which actually equates to std  of approx 1 . 1 % a day .  i am happy with this as a estimate of the vol as the annualized spot vol we  are showing for cu is approx 19 % which equates to approx 1 . 2 % daily .  using this new risk factor for the daily var the cu positions would give a  var ( for the 19 th ) of approx $ 2 m which is less that the  figure we estimated ( $ 3 , 100 , 568 ) .  the other thing is that by taking net numbers we are disregarding the term  structure of the price curve / vol curve and position  curve and are hence collapsing everything into a one factor model which means  that it is difficult to compare the numbers .  i hope that this helps to explain our number .  hopefully we can talk tomorrow ,  cheers  kirstee
HAM Subject: florida sample ballot  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by julie meyers / hou / ect on 11 / 09 / 2000 04 : 57  pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  denver plachy @ enron  11 / 09 / 2000 03 : 28 pm  to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , jody crook / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : florida sample ballot
HAM Subject: enron / hpl actuals for august 23 , 2000  teco tap 34 . 167 / hpl gas daily ; 30 . 000 / enron  ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron
HAM Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure  start date : 1 / 17 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011719 . txt  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  ! ! ! unknown database .  alias : dbcaps 97 data  error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
HAM Subject: enron  ? ? ? keep up the good work .  ?  we at home love it at $ 80 + + +  ?  ken
HAM Subject: re : cannon interest may 2000 purchase  hi daren ,  i received an email from kenny soignet to make sure everything was in the  system for me to pay cannon on friday , 5 / 19 / 00 .  the deal # is 257141 . i see that the volume has not been scheduled , so  therefore it is not pulling into unify for me to pay .  are you the person that will be able to schedule the volume in order for me  to pull up this deal ?  ( i see that in sitara that the deal is set for 5 / 00 production , does that  matter ? )  thanks , stephanie ( 3 - 6004 )  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie gomes / hou / ect on 05 / 17 / 2000  02 : 06 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital management  from : david baumbach 05 / 17 / 2000 01 : 50 pm  to : stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : cannon interest may 2000 purchase  the purchase from cannon is on sitara deal # 257141 and the sale to cpr  storage is on sitara deal # 257144 .  dave
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ;  start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121223 . txt
HAM Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure  start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012901 . txt  ! ! ! general sql error .  couldn ' t update ; currently locked by user ' admin ' on machine ' nahou - trdts 5 ' .  table  ! ! ! general sql error .  the field is too small to accept the amount of data you attempted to add . try inserting or pasting less data .  field  ! ! ! general sql error .  the field is too small to accept the amount of data you attempted to add . try inserting or pasting less data .  field  ! ! ! general sql error .  the field is too small to accept the amount of data you attempted to add . try inserting or pasting less data .  field  ! ! ! general sql error .  the field is too small to accept the amount of data you attempted to add . try inserting or pasting less data .  field  ! ! ! general sql error .  the field is too small to accept the amount of data you attempted to add . try inserting or pasting less data .  field
HAM Subject: global risk management operations weekly operating report  tammie ,  attached is the global risk management operations update for louise ' s weekly  report , week ending february 15 .  if you have any questions , please let me know .  thanks ,  brian
HAM Subject: re : london status report - research weather  fyi our 10 : 30 meeting today  - mike  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 04 / 20 / 2001  06 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tony hamilton @ enron  04 / 20 / 2001 06 : 35 am  to : mike . a . roberts @ enron . com  cc : tani . nath @ enron . com  subject : re : london status report - research weather  tony hamilton  04 / 20 / 2001 04 : 03 am  to : stephen . bennett @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : london status report - research weather  hi mike ,  please find a list of our current daily products and services , together with  identified research projects ( to - date ) for european weather research - this  has been forwarded to tani nath to aid her recommendations for a 2 nd met . for  london .  1 ) this week :  * a meeting with james willis ( agriculture ) has been arranged for monday  afternoon to discuss weather input for softs .  * following suggestion from tani , meeting has been pencilled in with pierre  aury ( coal trading ) to discuss weather input .  * at present we are providing kristian lande ( continental power ) with daily  precipitation outlook for spain - he is working towards getting a daily  weather breifing for power set up .  * a meeting with alex mcleish ( global products ) has been pencilled in  following his return from houston to discuss the way forward in building a  forecast model for crude api based on hdds on either side of the atlantic .  * we have made progress in getting additional information on european ports  following meeting with scott moncrieff and sylvie mostura ( shipping and  transportation ) - we now get forwarded daily reports for some baltic , black  sea , scandanavian , italian and indian ports , which include various degrees of  weather information .  * we now supply north sea conditions and forecasts as a part of the 8 am uk  gas briefing .  * we ' ve added a midday " update " for uk gas traders if / when mrf ensembles  warrent changes or clarification .  * following extremely useful meeting with tani nath , it is now clear that need  for 2 nd meteorologist will have to be cleared with her superiors here in  london before moving forward .  2 ) still to follow up  * get meeting with chris mahoney to determine if we can provide any  additional support ( e . g . daily briefing ) for crude and products .  * follow up on a potential morning briefing for continental power .  * get meeting arranged with david anderson at ecmwf to discuss data products  and services they provide .  * continue to investigate model grib data to produce a " confidence interval "  for model output .  * meet with ross mcyntire to determine needs from weather drivatives  * develop a standard hydro product ( daily updates ) for continental power  ( spain specifically )  * develop forecast verification scheme and internal forecasting tools  * avistar recorded europe briefings  3 ) challenges :  * still appears to be some confusion over whether we are moving desks this  afternoon or not !  * karin ahamer ( the team assistant here ) is going to verify later exactly  which pcs we will be using from monday next week ( some of the loaner pcs we  are currently using contain important software left over from their previous  users ) .  * our time in assembling reports is becoming more efficient on a daily  basis . however as our product load increases this may become a factor over  next few weeks .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  mike ,  we look forward to talking with you and vince later today !  see you later ,  tony
HAM Subject: re : greetings  hi , mr . kaminski :  how are you ?  i am back to school for the new semester now . i am in contact with molly  magee for my travlling schedule to enron .  i got from garp that you chaired a seeesion on energy risk at the new york  conference last week . if it is not too much trouble , could you please send a  copy of your presentation to me ? i appreciate it .  see you soon !  frank
HAM Subject: dba administrator  michelle ,  the name of the db administrator for enpower is charlene fricker ,  5 - 3487 . alex will contact her regarding the access to the curve .  i think it ' s a problem many layers below gary hickerson ' s level  of responsibility and i hope we can handle it without using his valuable  time .  vince
HAM Subject: enron actuals for december 28 , 1999  teco tap 60 . 000 / enron
HAM Subject: re : cairn gas purchase bid  vince - - shades of cuiba  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by doug leach / hou / ect on 08 / 15 / 2000 07 : 53 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : doug leach on 08 / 15 / 2000 07 : 52 am  to : douglas s parsons / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect , bobby  subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid  you spoke to me once and i gave you my opinions which were contrary to your  resultant offer to cairn . currently , i have better things to do with my time .  douglas s parsons @ enron _ development  08 / 15 / 2000 12 : 10 am  to : doug leach / hou / ect @ ect  cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect , bobby  subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid  i talked to vince after we hung up and his only suggestion was to call  sandeep kohli . i spoke with marc and yourself four times on this matter over  a 3 day period and given the timing , i put forth a non - binding offer , after  discussing it further with bobby , based on the information i had that appears  to position us close to our competitors offers . we haven ' t committed  ourselves and should we be selected for negotiations there are numerous  variables to affect the outcome . if you ' ve got any suggestions for a better  deal , please advise .  doug leach @ ect  08 / 14 / 2000 07 : 45 am  to : douglas s parsons / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect , bobby  subject : re : cairn gas purchase bid  i strongly disagree with the pricing and structure of your non - binding offer  to cairn . this reminds me of the debacle in brazil . you should have contacted  vince kaminski ' s research group as we talked about before an offer was made .  this is a bad deal .  douglas s parsons @ enron _ development  08 / 12 / 2000 01 : 51 am  to : doug leach @ ect , marc de la roche @ ect  cc :  subject : cairn gas purchase bid  doug & marc ,  fyi , please let me know if you think we ' re totally off base . i appreciate  your help .  regards ,  doug  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by douglas s parsons / enron _ development on  08 / 12 / 2000 01 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  douglas s parsons  08 / 11 / 2000 06 : 24 am  to : bobby farris / enron _ development @ enron _ development  cc : f b virani / enron _ development @ enron _ development , ujjwal  dey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , nilesh  subject : cairn gas purchase bid  bobby ,  after meeting with cairn today in delhi , my perception is that our offer was  received well . they were more open and relaxed then they were on wed .  morning and made several encouraging comments about our price range , ( once we  talked through the price movements ) , and the seriousness of our gas related  activities on the west coast of india , in light of the ioc agreement . i  think the overall package is attractive to them and no serious objections  were raised . we did talk to some extent about the guarantees , but we didn ' t  get too far and they ' re willing to accept at this point that what ' s  acceptable to the lng suppliers , should be suitable for their needs .  however , they would like to understand the corporate structure and assets of  enron energy marketing a little better and i told them i would get back to  them on that point .  david and ajay were up in hazira yesterday looking at some property for their  gas treatment facility , which apparently is across the road from pipeline  access . while there they went and looked at shell ' s proposed lng site after  walking the last 1 km , inaccessible to their 4 wd vehicle and not surprisingly  found a beach .  in summary , here is what we offered on a non - binding basis :  six year production plateau  85 % top  $ 3 . 67 / mmbtu net , at a base of $ 18 / bbl brent , with point of sale at the  tail - end of the gas processing plant  floor & cap of $ 15 . 50 - $ 27 . 00 / bbl  price movement : + / - $ 1 . 00 / bbl from the $ 18 / bbl base price ( on a 3 mo .  rolling average ) equals + / - $ 0 . 145 / mmbtu fixed on a quarterly basis  guarantees : same protection we ' re providing the lng suppliers under the  trust retention account  i appreciate everyone ' s help in submitting this offer .  thanks ,  doug
HAM Subject: fw : dynegy vs . enron : a tale of two companies  this had to come up at some point .  - r  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : issuealert @ scientech . com [ mailto : issuealert @ scientech . com ]  sent : wednesday , october 24 , 2001 12 : 19 pm  to : issuealerthtml @ listserv . scientech . com  subject : dynegy vs . enron : a tale of two companies  today ' s issuealert sponsors :  scientech is currently interviewing 1 , 500 utilities on cis / crm and customer care in the united states and canada to determine :  the leading software providers  drivers of utility technology decisions  analysis of license sales versus asp sales  new market opportunities  growing / shrinking software markets  download a sample prospectus for an introduction to this new survey at : and  contact jon brock at 505 - 244 - 7607 for more details .  electric power system & natural gas system maps  are available from scientech , inc .  click here for full descriptions and prices of electric and gas maps .  october 24 , 2001  dynegy vs . enron :  a " tale of two companies "  by will mcnamara  director , electric industry analysis  facts : dynegy inc . ( nyse : dyn ) beat expectations in the third quarter , reporting that its earnings rose to $ 286 million , or 85 cents per diluted share , from $ 177 million , or 55 cents per diluted share , for the same period in 2000 . this represented a 22 - percent increase from 3 q 2000 and boosted the company ' s 2001 earnings estimate . dynegy has a market capitalization of $ 14 . 5 billion . its stock is currently trading at about $ 43 down from a 52 - week high of $ 59 , although it is important to note that for year - end 2000 the company ' s stock was one of the top performers among standard dynegy , on the other hand , not only believes in the ownership of physical assets , but has set a goal that could ultimately establish the company as owning one of the largest generation arsenals in the industry .  let ' s look at the companies separately . we ' ll discuss enron first since it is the older of the two . enron readily admits that its strategy is difficult to define , but a close approximation is that enron literally creates commodity markets so that it can deliver physical commodities to customers . the participation and success in commodity markets , according to enron , does not necessitate ownership of physical assets . in fact , the company has routinely sold physical assets that are not considered to be strategic to its wholesale business . rather , enron has concentrated on developing a new philosophy of risk management excellence , in which it will merely buy and sell the commodities it needs to participate in trading venues .  as an example , enron bought portland general ( which owns 2 , 000 mw of generation and 41 , 600 kilometers of electric t & d lines ) in 1996 as a way to launch its penetration of the west coast power markets . when competition fizzled in that region , enron put portland general back on the sales block ( a sale of portland general to northwest natural is pending at this writing ) . likewise in europe , where it is one of the most prominent trading companies , enron has disposed of generation assets such as sutton bridge in england and , unlike other u . s . competitors , has refrained from buying additional generating units in opening countries such as germany and italy . according to its most recent 10 k report filed with the securities and exchange commission , enron owns or controls 2 , 015 mw of generating capacity ( including joint ownerships ) , which is drastically lower than the average among other companies operating in the power trading sector .  dynegy ' s approach to the market is crystal clear and radically different from enron ' s . in the words of ceo chuck watson , " dynegy ' s long - term strategy is to focus on marketing and trading around physical assets , which supports earnings sustainability . " ever since going public in 1995 , dynegy has been on an acquisition binge , with each purchase significantly increasing its generation capability . dynegy presently owns or controls about 27 , 000 mw of generating capacity in the united states , 26 gas - processing plants and 14 , 000 miles of pipelines , which are located in geographically competitive areas . the company ' s goal is to own or control 70 , 000 mw , or 10 percent of the u . s . market , within the next five years . sometimes , dynegy has acquired assets through partnerships with other companies such as nrg energy , but just as often it has purchased assets independently . most notably , when dynegy acquired illinova in early 2000 , the purchase doubled dynegy ' s generating capacity . dynegy is now attempting to replicate this approach in europe , where it is presently planning to purchase natural - gas storage facilities in england . dynegy executives have argued that natural - gas storage is the best way to back up a natural - gas trading operation . there ' s no question that the approach is working . out of the $ 286 million that dynegy reported in the third quarter , $ 263 million of it came from the company ' s main wholesale business .  the issue of asset ownership is probably the central defining difference between enron and dynegy , and its significance should not be overlooked . it is not difficult to make a case that supports dynegy ' s approach . owning physical assets often enables a trading company to gain information in the course of operating power plants that can help the company to gauge markets and anticipate small changes in price . in other words , by controlling the actual output of generation instead of just being involved in buys and sells , a trader such as dynegy will theoretically know what the load is going to be in a particular region , how much power can be produced to meet that load and when shortages might occur . in addition , in markets that are short on infrastructure , it may be difficult for a trader to participate in the market unless they actually have ownership of physical assets in the region . by the same token , those companies that do control physical assets often have greater communication with grid operators , and possible insight to spreads ( the difference between various energy prices ) . in fact , dynegy ' s ceo watson fully acknowledges that his company excels at being able to trade around the volatility of price , and being capable of resolving balances when shortages exist . this may be more difficult for a company such as enron to accomplish when it has no physical generation of its own to meet discrepancies in power bids . dynegy ' s strategy of acquiring both natural - gas pipelines and power plants also gives it the flexibility to trade on both commodities .  on the other side of this argument , a case could be made that enron ' s approach provides more flexibility in reacting to trading volatility . certainly , by investing less in power generation facilities , enron has less capital on the line when compared to a company like dynegy . under a scenario when market prices suddenly drop , a company such as enron that does not have heavy capital invested in power generation could actually fare better than an asset - laden company because enron does not face the pressure to meet the fixed payments of a generation facility . asset - heavy companies also may find that their earnings could be impacted by the investment in generation facilities in times of extreme price volatility . as the industry becomes increasingly focused on bottom - line results , this could be seen as a potential concern for investors . further , some would argue that enron ' s approach of establishing purchasing contracts with various parties to meet its buy and sell requirements is the rough equivalent of owning a generation facility . what enron gains by this approach is the presumed flexibility it has by not being tied down to a specific generation unit and being able to build its own portfolio .  consequently , the issue of asset ownership can perhaps be considered the " great debate " among power traders . however , although dynegy ' s overall performance in the third quarter was better than enron ' s , that does not necessarily provide a clear endorsement of dynegy ' s strategy toward acquiring new generation facilities . keep in mind that enron ' s 3 q losses resulted primarily from non - recurring charges related to its non - core businesses ( broadband and water in particular ) . without these charges , enron ' s core wholesale trading business continues to perform well . this is a point that ceo ken lay has been quick to reiterate to investors . " our 26 - percent increase in recurring earnings per diluted share shows the very strong results of our core wholesale and retail energy businesses and our natural - gas pipelines , " lay said . " the continued excellent prospects in these businesses and enron ' s leading market position make us very confident in our strong earnings outlook . "  moreover , perhaps even more than ownership of physical assets , the key issue that played a role in the current disparity between dynegy and enron earnings in the third quarter is the companies ' approach to developing new lines of business . telecom is a perfect example to illustrate the point . enron , which prides itself as usually gaining a first - strike advantage , plunged into the telecom sector well ahead of other energy companies . under the leadership of then - ceo jeffrey skilling , enron sunk large sums of capital into purchasing broadband capacity on the expectation that the market would quickly become lucrative . now lay admits that the company " could have gotten into the broadband business with less capital " and that enron " spent too much too soon " in this sector . nevertheless , enron recorded an $ 80 - million non - recurring write - down for restructuring its broadband unit in the third quarter and is presently attempting to stop the bleeding in this sector by reducing future costs in this sector to $ 40 million a quarter .  dynegy took a much more cautious approach toward expanding into the telecom sector and made a comparatively small amount of investment when compared to enron . dynegy has likewise been impacted by the slowdown of the telecom sector , but in the third quarter took a $ 15 - million loss in its broadband business compared to the $ 80 - million loss that enron reported . however , dynegy clearly specializes in marketing and trading two commodities ( electricity and natural gas ) and seems to add other businesses in a very methodical way that merely supplements its core business .  it is also important to note that enron gained the first - strike advantage when it developed enrononline , an electronic trading exchange . in fact , enron was the first to create such an exchange in the energy space , well ahead of its competitors . dynegy later followed this trend with creating dynegydirect . the two exchanges are different in terms of their trading standards , but it is important to acknowledge that in this particular case enron was successful in launching into the electronic trading space well ahead of its competitors . the latest available information indicates that enrononline has recorded transactions that exceed $ 590 in notional value . since its inception in november 2000 , dynegydirect has recorded $ 33 billion in notional transactions .  at this juncture , dynegy and enron are very different with regard to their approaches toward financial reporting . enron , which has often been accused of not providing a balance sheet to investors , is currently struggling from a serious image problem as the securities and exchange commission pursues an investigation of possible mishandling of funds by enron ' s cfo . to my recollection , no one has ever accused dynegy of not providing a balance sheet , and thus the company ' s status with investors is arguably more solid . as i don ' t expect either company to radically alter its competitive strategy any time soon , my projection is that ( at least in the near term ) , we will continue to see a wide disparity in wall street performance between dynegy and enron . that is not to say that anyone should count enron out of the game . as noted , the company ' s core business of wholesale business remains strong , but clearly has been tainted by the impact of other non - core businesses . that doesn ' t mean enron is down permanently , but it will have to find a way to strike a better balance between the businesses that it does best and those businesses that former ceo jeffrey skilling believed were advantageous .  in many ways , the comparison between dynegy and enron is rather like the tortoise and the hare parable . i am sure you can guess which company is the tortoise and which is the hare in this analogy . the race between the two is far from over , although dynegy is taking the lead at this point , based on its more methodical approach . what will be fascinating to observe is how both companies continue to adapt to changes in the marketplace and possibly modify what up to this point have been adamantly espoused philosophies .  _ _ _ _ _  correction statement to 10 / 23 issuealert on european trading :  according to a news report from reuters , the u . s . - owned entergy - koch trading was listed as a publicly traded company . i was informed by my contact at entergy that entergy - koch trading is a limited partnership company and not publicly traded . i apologize for any confusion this error might have caused .  _ _ _ _ _  an archive list of previous issuealerts is available at  www . scientech . com  we encourage our readers to contact us with their comments . we look forward to hearing from you . nancy spring  reach thousands of utility analysts and decision makers every day . your company can schedule a sponsorship of issuealert by contacting jane pelz . advertising opportunities are also available on our website .  our staff is comprised of leading energy experts with diverse backgrounds in utility generation , transmission & distribution , retail markets , new technologies , i / t , renewable energy , regulatory affairs , community relations and international issues . contact consulting @ scientech . com or call nancy spring at 1 - 505 - 244 - 7613 .  scientech is pleased to provide you with your free , daily issuealert . let us know if we can help you with in - depth analyses or any other scientech information products . if you would like to refer a colleague to receive our free , daily issuealerts , please reply to this e - mail and include their full name and e - mail address or register directly on our site .  if you no longer wish to receive this daily e - mail , and you are currently a registered subscriber to issuealert via scientech ' s website , please visit to unsubscribe . otherwise , please send an e - mail to to issuealert , with " delete ia subscription " in the subject line .  scientech ' s issuealerts ( sm ) are compiled based on the independent analysis of scientech consultants . the opinions expressed in scientech ' s issuealerts are not intended to predict financial performance of companies discussed , or to be the basis for investment decisions of any kind . scientech ' s sole purpose in publishing its issuealerts is to offer an independent perspective regarding the key events occurring in the energy industry , based on its long - standing reputation as an expert on energy issues .  copyright 2001 . scientech , inc . all rights reserved .  
HAM Subject: hpl nom for september 1 , 2000  ( see attached file : hplo 901 . xls )  - hplo 901 . xls
HAM Subject: enron in action 07 . 17 . 00  are you having problems connecting to hyperlinks through enron in action ? a  common problem is the internet browser setup . simply click on the word  " office " at the bottom right hand corner of your screen , click " edit  current , " find " internet browser " and change it to " microsoft internet  explorer . "  volunteeri  the houston ballet is in need of academic tutors . if you are interested in  helping talented students , are available 2 hours a week and are academically  strong in math , history or english , please contact shelly power at  713 . 535 . 3201 or spower @ houstonballet . org .  festa italiana ! the federation of italian - american organizations of houston  is now recruiting volunteers for its annual italian festival held september  15 - 17 . opportunities include assisting in federation booths for beverages ,  food , promotional material , children ' s area and vip tent . if you are  interested , contact rachel feldt at 713 . 853 . 7629 . for more information ,  click here . http : / / home . enron . com / cr .  ihappeningsi  " is that your final answer ? " check your e - mail wednesday , july 19 to enter in  our " who wants to help millions " united way kick - off contest . answer all of  the questions correctly and you could win a spot on the united way / enron  gamshow on august 9 th !  enron night at enron field ! tickets will be on sale monday , july 24 th for  enron night on august 8 th , for only $ 8 each . tickets will be sold online  through the signature shop . limit 2 tickets per employee . for more  information , visit http : / / home . enron . com / cr / .  bowl for the cure ! join enron and the muscular dystrophy association for  their annual beach bowl fund - raiser to cure lou gehrig ' s disease , july 29 at  funplex . can ' t bowl ? that ' s ok , you can still help by raising donations .  everyone participating is eligible to win great prizes , including airline  tickets and hotel reservations to an exotic location ! register now by  calling sandy hoelscher at 713 . 345 . 6006 . for more information , visit  http : / / home . enron . com / cr .  the enron blood drive will be on july 20 from 7 a . m . - 4 p . m . in eb - 5 c 2 .  call 713 . 853 . 6100 to schedule an appointment now !  get cpr / first aid certified this month ! learn the lifesaving techniques for  you and your family . learn how to perform adult & infant cpr and how to use  an aed ( automatic external defibrillator ) . july 25 , 1 : 00 - 5 : 00 p . m . cost  is $ 10 . to register call the health center at 713 . 853 . 6100 .  weight watchers @ work is gearing up for another session . cost is $ 169 for  16 weeks . space is limited to the first 60 employees who register via e - mail  to michelle kapfer . classes are held every wednesday at 11 : 45 a . m .  beginning july 19 . e - mail confirmations for class participants will begin  on july 17 .  iworkperksi  don ' t delay ! get your perkcard today ! the perkcard offers discounts at a  variety of merchants around houston . the cost is $ 20 and all proceeds  benifit community programming . for more information visit the workperks  website at http : / / home . enron . com / workperks / programs / .  sign up your middle - school aged child for summer of service , a community  service program that is challenging , rewarding and tons of fun ! children  develop valuable skills and are recognized for their contributions to the  community . they also will enjoy weekly fun friday outings to recreational  and cultural events . cost is $ 160 for a two - week session . locations include :  west side ymca 713 . 467 . 9622 and south montgomery county ymca ( the woodlands )  281 . 367 . 9622 . session dates are : july 3 - 14 , july 17 - 28 . for more  information call the ymca location of your choice .  isave the datei  july 24 - 28 - knowledge beginnings back up child care center open house .  click here for more details http : / / home . enron . com / cr / .
HAM Subject: hpl sale - energy operations task list  i talked with anne koehler in legal today to determine her understanding of what is required from energy operations prior to the effective sale of hpl . anne believes that she may have been the one to introduce the term " protocol " into these discussions . to clarify , according to anne , the " protocol " is not anticipated to be a formal legal document . instead , anne envisions simply e : mails or memos between enron and aep with regard to any sharing of information , agreements on processes to be followed in the transition , etc . operational details to be decided between enron and aep have been handled exactly in that manner to date , with e : mails being sent from bob ball ( enron ) to steve jackson ( aep ) .  only critical changes to the purchase and sale agreement will be formally documented . bob hall identified the treatment of cash accounts in the original purchase and sale agreement as incorrect relative to cash flows for gas to be delivered in the month of may . he has worked with enron ' s treasury group to establish the correct procedures and has worked with sandi braband in legal to document this change to the purchase and sale agreement as an amendment to that agreement . as of today , legal has completed revisions to that amendment and anne koehler is sending it to mary perkins in enron ' s treasury group for her review . upon mary ' s review , anne will forward the amendment to aep for their review before final signatures .  we devised this week a new format for incorporating the aep - hpl transition issues on which my team has been focused and have provided that to both of you . this new format incorporates the various memos and e : mails which have to date captured the status of transition issues . items that only require actions by enron will be our " to do " list . each item has a due date and we will update you weekly on progress . those items that fall under the aep list or which appear in both the enron and aep list will be the items to which we will evidence communication to aep and / or their agreement via the e : mails or memos as suggested by ann koehler . i believe that this should satisfy your requests earlier this week for written " protocol " . we will also update you weekly on the status of those e : mails and / or memos between ourselves and aep .  i understand that the two of you have a regular weekly meeting for an update on the hpl sale . to provide clarity for these update meetings , may i suggest that we incorporate one of the following two approaches :  1 ) brian and i hold a regular meeting just prior to your update meeting so that brian has a full understanding of operational transition items and their status , or  2 ) i attend the first part of your update meeting in order to provide a firsthand update to the two of you .  please let me know which one of these works best for you so that we can incorporate that into our schedules for next week .
HAM Subject: christmas tree farm pictures  
HAM Subject: important video announcement  i have a very important video announcement about the future of our company . please go to to access the video . thank you .
HAM Subject: re : new proposed table  all ,  i added comment # 5 for clarification .  also , did the group decide to recommend that all tags be submitted in ppt ? if so , then comment # 1 is incorrect and would need to be changed to ppt .  jerry  > > > " harshbarger , robert " 06 / 28 / 01 05 : 48 pm > > >  jerry sent me a revised table to reflect our discussions yesterday . i did  some further modifications and it is attached for your review and comment .  i still working on the " words " for yesterday and hope to get them out  tomorrow for review and comment .  >  bob harshbarger  - tag time table draft _ rev 2 . doc
HAM Subject: re : alp presentation  for your information , the alp project presenation that vince kaminski  invited you to will be held in the enron bldg . in conference room eb 49 cl .  if you need any other information , please let me know .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  713 - 853 - 5290  email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com
HAM Subject: hpl nomination for 02 / 18 / 2000  sent on behalf of bruce mcmills :  for 2 / 17 , the nom into eastrans is 40 , 000 mmbtu , which is 37 , 313 mcf @ 1072  btu .  please increase nom into pg & e to 33 , 000 mmbtu . 7 , 000 will come from  fuels cotton valley , and sale of 500 mmbtu / / d remains in place .  if there are any problems please contact chad cass at 713 - 627 - 6202 .  thanks
HAM Subject: negative amounts on asset list  louise ,  as discussed , the austin project shows as a negative because the project was positive cash until mid - june . the city of austin paid ena in advance of the project costs actually being incurred . by the end of this quarter , the austin project will have a positive asset balance of $ 750 k to $ 1 million .  the " global assets ( cuiaba & bbpl ) on ea ' s books " line relates to development and reimbursable costs that were not moved over with the mtm piece . while these costs were being transferred to g . a . , a reimbursement was actually received for part of the bbpl costs . since we had moved the costs , the payment caused us to have a negative balance at may 31 . this is currently being reconciled and the balance will be $ 0 at quarter - end .  call if you need more information .  regards  jody
HAM Subject: re : [ fwd : new commodity marketplace opportunity ]  mark lay : again , thank you for listening to my concept . in my search for  co - foounder / collaborators and  angel investors , disclosing the concept ( for lack of a better title now , i  call the system " lifetrak " )  and formulating a simple , clear picture is not easy . the attached schematic  depicts an overview of the  effort . part of the diagram hopes to separate the special interests as  participants and member  organizations so as to be helpful in the public sector with social issues .  the groups fall into two  natural sectors ; ( 1 ) supply generators ; and ( 2 ) user / service organizations .  in the middle is the system  and its management that interconnects those benefiting groups and the  donor / recipient lifetrak  cardholders . i can embellish more on these later . the diagram gives us a  place to begin discuss and  talking points in order to try to simplify how the concept could be developed  and supported and where the  revenue model which creates dramatic efficiencies generates management and  license fee . i hope we can  get together soon . although vince kaminski cannot directly contribute due to  his other commitments , i  have copied him to keep him advised ( hoping that he might be able to do more  at a later date . ) . best  regards , al arfsten  mark . lay @ enron . com wrote :  > i did understand that you were still at the concept stage . it is a very  > interesting proposal and i would like to think about it .  >  > thanks ,  > mark  >  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : al arfsten @ enron  >  enron . com ]  >  > sent : thursday , january 25 , 2001 10 : 45 am  > to : lay , mark  > subject : [ fwd : new commodity marketplace opportunity ]  >  > mark : per our brief conversation this morning , the attached email was  > sent to you yesterday . i hope that you might understand that i am  > conceptually looking for " founders " and at the " pre " business plan  > stage . there is an enormous problem existing with a very attractive  > economic reward and willing participants needing this solution . i need  > help . al arfsten 713 965 2158  >  > content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit  > x - mozilla - status 2 : 00000000  > message - id :  > date : wed , 24 jan 2001 15 : 49 : 37 - 0600  > from : al arfsten  > organization : bfl associates , ltd .  > x - mailer : mozilla 4 . 7 [ en ] c - cck - mcd nscpcd 47 ( win 98 ; i )  > x - accept - language : en  > mime - version : 1 . 0  > to : mark . lay @ enron . com  > subject : new commodity marketplace opportunity  > content - type : text / plain ; charset = us - ascii  >  > mark lay : i shared confidentially with vince kaminski my developing  > concept of a highly inefficient not - for - profit enterprise with  > dramatically increasing costs . i believe that a for - profit economic  > model is possible that should reverse these skyrocketing costs and  > ultimately lower the commodity thereby having a national , if not , global  > impact of health care costs . vince seems to also believe in the  > concepts potential . the ceo of one of the biggest u . s . blood banks has  > already asked to become involved . i would like involve more people  > with vision , means and desire to help make this a reality . i would look  > forward to meeting with you to talk further . al arfsten 713 965 2158  - lifetrak vision chart 012601 . doc
HAM Subject: hpl nom for march 24 - 26 , 2001  ( see attached file : hplno 324 . xls )  - hplno 324 . xls
HAM Subject: re : private  i sent you another one - it adresses your views . i would not add foster . in fact i would add lagrasta and baughman first . maybe we should do 35 .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : sat 10 / 13 / 2001 6 : 13 pm  to : lavorato , john  cc :  subject : re : private  with calger leading the likes of parquet etc they can make $ 100 mm plus - without him no chance . i think it ' s sort of indirect p & l .  i think we are close enough i ' d put our top 20 above any group - our final ten are really strong too . harry , orlando and zipper as the last people on our list really does show we have some major talent .  let ' s not stick to 30 - let ' s do 33 putting miller , deffner , foster , zipper , ermis and aucoin in . daliney ' s note shows he is giving a lot to people we have in our second half of the list .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lavorato , john  sent : saturday , october 13 , 2001 6 : 01 pm  to : kitchen , louise  subject : re :  my order is actually future p \ l based . if it wasn ' t in enron n . a . i would put calger way higher . ie - if it was pulp and paper and i knew that we wouldn ' t have the opportunity to trade size , chris would be in the top 3 . maybe 1 . but in this market we need to have the people who can make over 100 mm every year . just thinking .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : sat 10 / 13 / 2001 11 : 58 am  to : lavorato , john  cc :  subject : re :  i didn ' t get a copy of dave ' s email but a few comments and i attach a compromise ordering . i added to your file schoolyard .  our differences are :  me - don miller , joe deffner , chris foster  you - zipper , ermis , aucoin  i would put them all ahead of bernie however i have no data points apart from p & l on nothing with frank so i can ' t comment on him . . not huge differences in order , apart from your slant on canadians ! the main issue with yours is calger behind benson and zufferli ( and even maybe dana ) , he ' s a future leader of this organisation . your ordering is very p & l based .  are we supposed to cover wes or will causey ?  i added to your file schoolyard .  speak to you later .  louise  belden  arnold  presto  shively  sturm  swerzbin  calger  davis , dana  benson  milnthorp  zufferli  herndon  motley  davies  martin  grigsby  tycholiz  richter  black  luce  allen  devries  wiggs  duran  storey  arora  zipper  foster  ermis or miller  gonzales  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : lavorato , john  sent : saturday , october 13 , 2001 9 : 56 am  to : kitchen , louise  subject :  i think we have 3 that are on my list and not on yours . we have big differences in order . i ' m very concerned about this process . i ' ll send you dave ' s email and you might understand why .  call me or resend me an email .  john
HAM Subject: re : your visit to sydney in july  paul , raymond ,  thanks for your message .  sorry i did not get in touch with you earlier . the last few weeks were very  hectic . i am starting  right now my preparations for the presentation i am going to give at the  conference .  here are the details of my itinerary ( i shall send you a copy tomorrow ) . i  arrive sunday morning  and leave saturday morning . the conference takes place on monday and tuesday .  on wednesday , i am making a presentation at the workshop on value - at - risk . i  would  like to stay at the conference for the duration : it ' s a great learning  opportunity for me .  on thursday and friday , as well as in the evenings ( except for the evening  of july 18 ) , i am at you disposal .  i would like to take advantage of this trip and learn as much as i can  about the australian markets and discuss with you the research agenda .  i shall be glad to make several presentation .  i can repeat my workshop presentation on value - at - risk as well as cover  additional  topics .  vince  paul quilkey @ enron _ development  07 / 04 / 2000 05 : 23 am  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc :  subject : your visit to sydney in july  vince  i support raymond ' s email and would welcome the opportunity to have you give  a presentation ( formal or informal ) to the trading group on latest research  initiatives in houston . please let us know your schedule so that we do not  overly burden you during your visit . look forward to seeing you and catching  up over a beer .  thnx  paul  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by paul quilkey / enron _ development on  07 / 05 / 2000 08 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  raymond yeow  07 / 04 / 2000 08 : 21 pm  to : vince j kaminski @ ect  cc : paul quilkey / enron _ development , kirsty hogarth / enron _ development , elliott  katz / enron _ development , david gray / enron _ development  subject : your visit to sydney in july  dear vince ,  hi ! , it ' s only two weeks until the aust energy risk ( 17 - 19 july ) seminar in  sydney .  is risk organising your hotel ?  otherwise , kirsty can organise for you ,  eg harbour view at the regent or convenience to the seminar location at the  sheraton ?  we would like to make sure that you have all the necessary " comforts " of home  when you are with us ,  elliott & david can set up a desk for you in the office / trading room with  phone etc  so you can use one of our pc to access email or plug in your laptop .  please let elliott or david kmow your requirements .  how long will you be with us ?  is this your first trip to sydney ?  there are several of us in the office who would like to take you for a  meal ( s ) / show you the sights etc and  discuss the latest research findings with you whilst you are in sydney eg var .  hear from you soon .  raymond  725 pm 4 july
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ;  start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012717 . txt
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ;  start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012807 . txt  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .
HAM Subject: lumber reload facility - premier  yesterday i was informed that there was a concern about the financial  stability of one of the reload facilities we currently use in the chicago  area , premier reload inc . i met with romney ruder , lumber trader , roy  lipsett , logistics , and mike moscoso , lumber business controller , this  morning to gather information and develop a plan . this is summarized below .  general information :  premier is a facility we have been using for a few months , located in  franklin park within chicago . we deliver to the facility via railcar , and  ship out via truck . we currently have about 3 . 8 million board feet , valued  at about $ 1 million , in the facility . during the holidays , we began  experiencing problems with our railcars not being unloaded timely . we have  been pressing for information , and are hearing rumors that have raised  significant concerns . although enron has not received written notification ,  we learned today that premier notified customers that they would not be  taking in any more products . additionally , we have heard that the owner ,  jeff leske , is closing the facility , and will be going to work for another  reload facility in chicago , reserve marine terminal ( rmt ) . we have been in  negotiations with rmt for a long term arrangement , and much of the  information we have obtained is through our contact there . in fact , we have  diverted recent shipments to rmt . there is a rumor that premier and / or  leske may declare bankruptcy . there is a rumor that premier has been  incurring " switching " fees with the railroad ( ihb ) and has not been paying  them . there is a rumor that premier has not been paying employment taxes and  there are problems with the irs . all in all , there are many rumors but very  few known facts .  plan :  met with legal today to get advice . they recommended moving the product  asap , but until moved , we needed to confirm the product was marked as " enron "  product , and that it is stored separately from other product . they are  drafting a contract to specify the arrangement with premier . it will be  ready tomorrow .  met with credit . they are not a included in the reload selection process , so  the financial stability of the company has not been reviewed . a d & b was  pulled today , and it confirms a lien filed by the irs on 6 / 22 / 00 for  $ 86 , 128 . there is one suit pending by a trucking company in a nominal  amount , filed 1 / 13 / 00 . the company is owned 100 % by leske , and was started  in 1995 . very little other information is available , and d & b did not assign  a paydex score .  mike moscoso and romney ruder are going to the premises tomorrow to : gather  financial information , intentions of the owner and the associated timeline ,  substantiate the inventory , and get the contract signed that legal is  drafting . on friday morning , roy lipsett will join them to meet with rmt ,  discuss movement of the product and complete the negotiations .  depending on the information gathered tomorrow , we will determine next  steps . if we start moving the product to rmt , the estimated timeline is  about 13 to 14 days , moving 10 trucks per day ( total truckloads = 135 ) .  estimated cost for the movement is about is $ 25 , 000 . another $ 25 , 000 would  be incurred for unload fees at rmt if we can ' t get them to wave them . about  half of the product has already been sold , and will be delivered over the  next 5 weeks . romney is working with customers to determine if they can take  the product earlier .  i will keep you informed as to the next events . however , we need to take  immediate steps to put a policy and process in place for warehousing  facilities . i have initiated weekly cross - functional staff meetings ( tax ,  legal , credit , it , logistics , fundemental analysis , accounting , etc . ) , and  our first meeting is scheduled for tomorrow . i will have this on the agenda ,  and will lead the effort to develop the process .  please let me know if you have any questions .  brenda  x 35778
HAM Subject: pbs documentary " blackout " on frontline  a message from my friends at channel 8 .  an fyi from houstonpbs / channel 8 :  i have had a couple of calls regarding airing of the pbs documentary  " blackout " on tonight ' s frontline program .  due to our pledge schedule , frontline will not air in the regular 9 : 00 p . m .  timeslot . instead , channel 8 will air frontline at 10 : 00 p . m . tonight  ( tuesday , june 5 ) .  a second airing of " blackout " is scheduled for tuesday , june 12 th in  frontline ' s regular timeslot at 9 : 00 p . m . we apologize that these changes  were not made in time for publication .  i know this program is of interest to many of the firms in ewi , especially  our energy companies , so i wanted to give you a heads up regarding the  correct air times so you have a chance to let your executives know of the  time change .  please pass the information on to all interested parties in your company .  frontline " blackout " airs :  tuesday , june 5 , 2001 at 10 : 00 p . m . cst  tuesday , june 12 , 2001 at 9 : 00 p . m . cst  thanks ,  vicky tarpey  houstonpbs  executive associate to the ceo & general manager
HAM Subject: help  i know you must be swamped .  let me know if i can help .  dave
HAM Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure  start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .
HAM Subject: thanks a lot .  dr . kaminski ,  i appreciate you for giving me a good  opportunity to have the interview .  the visit to enron was very impressive .  thanks for arranging interviews with people  at research department and extra interview  at the enron net work .  it was good to have chance to meet such nice people ,  and have a talk with them .  it was a good experience for me and  i hope we have chance to see each other .  jinbaek  jinbaek kim  ph . d candidate  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  u . c . berkeley  http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  go bears !  : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' .  : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  ` . ' " ' ;  ` . ' ;  ` . ` : ` ;  . ` . ; ; : ;  . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  on tue , 24 oct 2000 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > jinbaek ,  >  > we shall invite you to an interview in houston .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > jinbaek kim on 10 / 23 / 2000 07 : 25 : 36 pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : resume ,  >  >  > dear mr . kaminski ,  >  > hi ,  > i am a ph . d student at ieor department at u . c . berkeley .  > thanks for your presentation today .  > it gave me knowledge and interest in electricity markets ,  > and your company .  > as you mentioned in the presentation ,  > i send a resume to give me opportunity to learn more  > about your company .  > i hope i can join the super saturday event .  >  > jinbaek  >  >  > ( see attached file : resume . doc )  >  >  >
HAM Subject: vol skew no - arbitrage constraints  the attached note lists conditions that can be used to verify that a given  vol skew curve does not generate arbitrage opportunities in a strip of option  prices .  if you have questions or want to discuss implementation , please give me a  call .  bob lee  x 35163
HAM Subject: s . tamarchenko  teresa ,  it ' s ok to hire s . tamarchenko as a summer temporary employee .  we need all the help we can get this summer .  i assume it will be 40 hrs a week , as long as ut conforms with all the  external  and internal regulations .  vince
HAM Subject: print again  thanks love you  - kim 2 . txt
HAM Subject: re : latest revision  vince ,  i got the zipped version fine . thanks the only outstanding items relate  to the complete references for your papers ( the book publisher and dates ) .  i spoke with shirley this morning and she is tracing this down for me .  i re - read the gas market paper segment on the take - or - pay contracts and  corrected my " oversight " . by the end of the day i hope to have all the  corrections that you gave me incorporated in the manuscript . we will make  them on the galley pages of the article when it arrives .  thanks again for all your help .  john  p . s . i also spoke with mary joyce ( she returned my earlier call a week ago  when i was trying to ask cindy something ) . all is well . at 10 : 15 am  2 / 5 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  > john ,  >  > html version of enron article :  >  >  > vince  >  > ( see attached file : b 3719001 . htm ) ( see attached file : b 3719003 . htm ) ( see  > attached file : b 3719004 . htm ) ( see attached file : b 3719005 . htm ) ( see attached  > file : b 3719006 . htm ) ( see attached file : b 3719007 . htm ) ( see attached file :  > b 3719008 . htm ) ( see attached file : b 3719009 . htm ) ( see attached file :  > b 3719010 . htm )  >  >  >  >  >  > " john d . martin " on 02 / 04 / 2001 06 : 37 : 47 pm  >  > to : vkamins @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : latest revision  >  > vince ,  >  > i have made bold face edits to the attached document . i still have two  > edits to make but am concerned that you were not reading the most recent  > version . sorry for any confusion but the editor doesn ' t use the edit  > function in word so i have ended up making edits on new versions of the  > paper .  >  > i still haven ' t made the change regarding the take - or - pay problem ( i left  > that paper at home in my briefcase and will make the change tomorrow  > morning ) . also , i haven ' t added anything regarding the conflict that arose  > over pay for new hires nor have i received the business week e - mail from  > you .  >  > however , if the paper looks ok to mark palmer we can make these minor edits  > on the galley pages of the article .  >  > thanks  >  > john  >  > p . s . i am very disappointed about the scheduling conflict you have on feb  > 23 rd . you will be greatly missed but i certainly understand .  > john d . martin  > carr p . collins chair in finance  > finance department  > baylor university  > po box 98004  > waco , tx 76798  > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  > j _ martin @ baylor . edu  > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html  >  >  >  >  > attachment converted : " c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719001 . htm "  >  > attachment converted : " c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719003 . htm "  >  > attachment converted : " c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719004 . htm "  >  > attachment converted : " c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719005 . htm "  >  > attachment converted : " c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719006 . htm "  >  > attachment converted : " c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719007 . htm "  >  > attachment converted : " c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719008 . htm "  >  > attachment converted : " c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719009 . htm "  >  > attachment converted : " c : \ windows \ desktop \ b 3719010 . htm "  >  john d . martin  carr p . collins chair in finance  finance department  baylor university  po box 98004  waco , tx 76798  254 - 710 - 4473 ( office )  254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax )  j _ martin @ baylor . edu  web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html
HAM Subject: hpl noms for june 23 , 2000 revision # 1  revision for texoma .  thanks .  ( see attached file : hplo 623 . xls )  - hplo 623 . xls
HAM Subject: eastrans nomination effective 07 / 01 / 2000  - - - - - forwarded by chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec on 06 / 26 / 00 03 : 33 pm - - - - -  | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - >  | | william e . |  | | speckels |  | | |  | | 06 / 26 / 00 |  | | 03 : 21 pm |  | | |  | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - >  | |  | to : briley @ enron . com ,  dfarmer @ enron . com , |  | stacey . neuweiler @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , michael  r . |  | cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia  a . |  | urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , john  a . |  | bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , marta  k |  |  henderson / houston / pefs / pec @ pec |  |  cc : |  | subject : eastrans nomination effective  07 / 01 / 2000 |  please nominate 32 , 800 mmbtu / d into eastrans effective 7 / 1 / 00 .  redeliveries will be made as follows :  25 , 000 mmbtu / d into pg & e  7 , 800 mmbtu / d from fuels cotton valley  sent on behalf of bruce mcmills .
HAM Subject: re : confirmation of meeting  i would very much like to meet vince , unfortunately i am in back to back  meetings all day today . maybe we could rearrange next time vince is in london  or i am in houston .  regards  paul  to : paul e . day  cc :  date : 29 / 09 / 2000 17 : 52  from : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  subject : re : confirmation of meeting  paul :  fyi .  regards ,  shirley  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 09 / 29 / 2000  11 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  shirley crenshaw  09 / 29 / 2000 11 : 51 am  to : wendy . dunford @ arthurandersen . com @ enron  cc :  subject : re : confirmation of meeting ( document link : shirley crenshaw )  wendy :  i am so sorry for the late notice , but vince will be in london for 1 day  only ,  monday , october 2 nd . he has had some time freed up and if paul and  julian could meet with him , they can call him at the grosvenor house ,  870 - 400 - 8500 . his morning is already full , but lunch , dinner or afternoon  would work .  regards ,  shirley  wendy . dunford @ arthurandersen . com on 09 / 18 / 2000 10 : 14 : 51 am  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : confirmation of meeting  hi shirley  thanks for getting back to me .  regards  wendy  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if  you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for  delivery of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender  by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not  consent to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of  my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you  are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery  of  the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to  anyone .  in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by  reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent  to  internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other  information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my  firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .
HAM Subject: tx gen land office oct 2000 prod  daren -  deal # 421859 sales  deal # 421847 purchase  settlements is showing both a sales and purchase for texas general land  office and they are stating that they should not be billed or paid for  anything .  are these deals suppose to be a washout and netted together ?  if so , the volumes are not matching : the sales on hpl are 7 , 440 mmbtus on  deal # 421859 and the purchase on midtx is 6 , 629 mmbtus .  let me know what type of deal this was intended to be .  fyi  i was told that tom acton was handling this deal , but i believe he will be  out until after thanksgiving .
HAM Subject: re : maureen raymond - castaneda extension  maureen ,  i apologize that your phone was disconnected in error . at this time your  phone is working and your voice mail box needs to be set up . i would like to  add however , i do not appreciate your disrespect and unreasonable demands  placed on my employees . they were not the cause of this problem and can only  relay your information to the appropriate group .  enron has values of respect , integrity , communication and excellence . i  would appreciate you taking the time to review them .  robert knight  director voice communications  stella l ely  03 / 08 / 2000 11 : 08 am  to : move - team / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , telephone mods / corp / enron @ enron , dolores  sustaita / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , robert knight / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : maureen raymond - castaneda extension  please reinstate maureen ' s extension immediately , if possible . it was  disconnected this past weekend when we had it taken off of the phone at eb  3073 f . her extension was on two phones at two different locations and should  not have been disconnected at eb 1939 . her extension no . is 30396 . sorry  for the confusion . please let me know timing asap .  thank you .  stella ely
HAM Subject: request submitted : access request for shona . wilson @ enron . com  you have received this email because the requester specified you as their  manager . please click  approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000007568  request create date : 11 / 16 / 00 10 : 07 : 41 am  requested for : shona . wilson @ enron . com  resource name : ms project  resource type : applications
HAM Subject: fw : can you check a deal for me  bill ,  this email and the next email i am forwarding to you are in regards to follow - up on the pma deal # 549162 . 1 that was zero ' d out at he 3 because neither side of the deal shows it . it definitely looks like a service deal because of the price . so i have asked sandy at mpc to check once more . i have also emailed all houston settlements coordinators to check for counterparty disputes on that day so we can see if this purchase and sale belong to anyone else .  virginia  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : thompson , virginia  sent : thursday , july 05 , 2001 2 : 58 pm  to : sandy lienemann montana ( e - mail )  subject : can you check a deal for me  dear sandy ,  i hate to ask this , but could you please check mpc ' s numbers for march 14 , 2001 for an epmi purchase from mpc of 40 mw ' s at he 3 for $ 134 . we still seem to have this in dispute .  thank you ,  virginia
HAM Subject: re : congratulations  and to yourself - extra well deserved .  see you soon .  b .  vince j kaminski  11 / 01 / 2000 16 : 04  to : barry pearce / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : congratulations  barry ,  congratulations . well deserved .  vince
HAM Subject: re : fw : first delivery - rodessa operating co .  daren ,  i talked to vance and he said it was the same well that he nominated during  bidweek . i will ask julie to change the price to gas daily . thanks .  bob  daren j farmer  03 / 21 / 2001 01 : 18 pm  to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : fw : first delivery - rodessa operating co .  bob ,  i guess you need to make sure that this is the same well that they nominated  during bidweek . if it is , then we do need to change the price to gd . if it  is a new well behind the meter , you can either create a new deal ticket for  this piece , or create a pricing tier on the old ticket .  d  enron north america corp .  from : robert cotten 03 / 21 / 2001 11 : 42 am  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : fw : first delivery - rodessa operating co .  daren ,  please read this memo and the one dated 2 / 21 / 01 from vance . he told me all  new production should be entered at ifhsc . the deal in question is 634075 .  do you want it changed to gas daily ? please advise . thanks .  bob  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001 11 : 02  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 19 / 2001 02 : 24 pm  to : tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect  cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , donald p  reinhardt / enron @ enronxgate , susan smith / enron @ enronxgate , melissa  graves / enron @ enronxgate , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect  subject : fw : first delivery - rodessa operating co .  tom / bob ,  the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and  entered into sitara based on the following :  counterparty meter volumes price period global no .  hesco gathering co . , llc 9876 85 mmbtu / d 100 % gd less $ 0 . 17 3 / 13 - 3 / 31  96057368  fyi , susan will create and submit a committed reserves firm ticket for the  remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of april . additionally ,  this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead  portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract .  thanks ,  vlt  x 3 - 6353  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : buckley , esther  sent : monday , march 19 , 2001 12 : 14 pm  to : carriere , molly ; cernosek , clem ; consemiu , donna ; cook , robert ; camp ,  howard ; hesse , lisa ; hlavaty , nathan ; wayne e lightfoot / hou / ect @ enron ; mckay ,  james ; smith , mary ; schneider , steve hpl ; melissa graves / hou / ect @ enron ;  walters , michael ; zivley , jill ; johnson , mary jo ; wynne , rita ; allen , lauri ;  jones , cheryl ; hansen , reid ; giron , darron ; winfree , o ' neal ; susan  smith / hou / ect @ enron ; bryan , gary ; hanks , gary ; donald p  reinhardt / hou / ect @ enron ; vance l taylor / hou / ect @ enron ; baumbach , david ;  cotten , robert ; riley , brian ; austin , jeff ; hakemack , cynthia ; kenne , dawn ;  csikos , lisa ; fosdick , j r ; rodriguez , carlos ; gomes , stephanie ; clynes , pat ;  acton , tom ; walker , robert ; weissman , george ; harris , joanne ; sweeney ,  christy ; tisdale , earl ; farmer , daren  subject : first delivery - rodessa operating co .  see attached letter
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 30 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ;  start date : 1 / 30 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002013020 . txt
HAM Subject: new nat gas delivery location  pursuant to our recent confirmation i have drafted some suggested language  for the houston ship channel pooling point :  abbreviation : hpl - hsc  sort code : [ tbd ]  description : the transaction is for delivery via the houston pipe line  company to the houston ship channel , zone 10 .  elsa and darren ; please approve or offer comments regarding the content of  description .
HAM Subject: fw : saturday update  hi louise ,  just thought you should know . . .  we ' ve kept the mixed estate / netco application development teams bound together for these migration efforts and its just remarkable how hard these people are working . most of the dba team , headed by mable tang ( oracle ) and charles brewer ( sql server ) have been putting in very long hours and last night most didn ' t go home ! ( really ) . the livelink team were here untill the small hours too .  the infrastructure server people in particular ( charles ballmer and michael barber ) and their team members have worked very hard over the last week , getting ready .  they are all set to pull off the netco migration during the latter part of next week and through the weekend , and everyone seems to be very confident that we ' ll pull it off .  i ' d like to make special mention of one young lady called jane henry ( just a specialist ! ) who has more front than sainsbury ' s ( can ' t explain that to an american ! ) , who has been acting as anchor and project co - ordinator for all the activities and working long nights . she manages to keep control of all those strong personalities and kept us all on track . i ' d be very gratefull if you could find time to drop her a quick line . . . . she ' d be impressed at the recognition . . . .  regards  steve  - - - - - original message - - - - -  subject : re : saturday update  i ' d like to thank everyone involved in the efforts since friday night ! i know a number of you stayed through the night to get us in good shape for this morning . well done especially to those people . great teamwork .  its outstanding how much effort everyone has put into this , and i look forward to seeing the completion of the testing tomorrow .  see you there !  best regards  steve  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : henry , jane hilburn  sent : sat 1 / 12 / 2002 3 : 23 pm  to : stock , steve ; johnson , jeff ; schomer , chris ; smith , regan m . ; ballmer , charles ; larkin , brian ; newland , william ; patel , piyush ; ward , bob ; brewer , charles ; tang , mable ; charbonnet , clement ; matson , randy ; nat , steve ; nommensen , dave ; merrell , brad ; ogden , arlene ; chitradurga , sundar ; jia , winston ; luu , duong ; poston , david ; powell , john d . ; ramesh , ganapathy ; rao , ramesh ; warner , john ; wei , zhiyong ; dolan , michael ; barber , michael ; gubser , marlin ; dziadek , keith ; sanborn , brandee ; sanvido , terry ; constantine , chris ; pua , cornelio ; wang , n . jessie ; simpson , stephen ; hall , rich ; cheng , john ; shishido , scott ; saleem , aftab ; krishnaswamy , jayant ; brennan , ryan ; pullicino , marcus ; schmidt , mark ; renaud , todd ; mcnair , darren ; qavi , faheem ; deleon , roberto ; beyer , troy ; james , matthew ; martinez , bob ; yanowski , tommy j . ; conley , tom ; cinelli , steve ; mckeel , richard ; harmon , kenneth m . ; stevens , wilford ; smith , bruce ; fortney , bill ; wong , jeremy ; lim , francis s . ; yang , sean ; dronet , david ; bharathi , jaikishore ; ray , edward  cc :  subject : saturday update  we have completed the estate migration . there are a few outstanding issues with enpower that dave poston ' s team will resolve , but i have been told that they are minor .  we will still have the 4 : 00 pm today and 12 : 00 pm tomorrow checkpoints on the bridgeline for informational purposes .  please feel free to call my cell with any additional concerns : 713 - 515 - 1601 .  - jane
HAM Subject: kathy crane ' s # @ wapa is :  970 - 240 - 6206
HAM Subject: el paso outage now through november 20  el paso said the pecos river station ' s # 2 turbine will remain down longer than planned due to damage discovered during an ongoing overhaul . capacity through pecos river will be cut by 60 mmcf / d through nov . 20 .
HAM Subject: re : deal # 339693 eol waha  mary poorman  07 / 24 / 2000 12 : 46 pm  to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : deal # 339693 eol waha  aquila split the volume between two points , that is why the deal changed .  the total volume was still correct . i just found out today , from stacie ,  that a buy on eol needs to be on the header and come from a pgev hub or title  tracking agreement . i had previously been under the impression that  whatever pipeline the customer wanted , buy or sell , was fine with us .  however , keeping the purchases on hub agmts . will save enron  $ . 0025 / transaction and push all imbalances and fees to the supplier .  mary
HAM Subject: power curve 5 : forward power continues softening ; implications  power curve 5 : forward power continues softening ; implications  * the power curve has softened since our last analysis ( power curve 4 ,  may 2 ) . forward expectations are down 11 % , 15 % and 9 % for 2001 , 2002 and  2003 , respectively . the spark spread , an important measure of profit  potential , has declined further : down 18 % , 32 % and 84 % , respectively .  * shape of curve remains " backwardated " - decreasing from a peak this  summer .  * softening trend has continued since january . this period every  region was affected with california and the west showing the largest  declines .  * power producers : most favorable commodity pricing environment this  summer - - continue to expect positive earnings surprises 2 q and perhaps 3 q .  * recommendation to investors : expect near - term strength in producers  keyed off of strong 2 q expectations . recommend shifting portfolio toward  energy merchants as we move into the summer . maintain positive ratings on  both groups of stocks given strong near - term earnings visibility .  > >  raymond c . niles  power / natural gas research  salomon smith barney  ( 212 ) 816 - 2807  ray . niles @ ssmb . com  s  - power curve 5 5 - 24 - 01 . doc  - power curve 5 5 - 24 - 01 . pdf
HAM Subject: doorstep  happy new year . i hope you are well .  kristin is planned to spend a couple of weeks on doorstep in feb i believe -  this prompts a question . . . . . .  when will ebs be subject to a doorstep review ?  let me know your thoughts .  thanks .  b .
HAM Subject: organizational announcement  we are pleased to announce the following promotions within enron net works .  these promotions will be effective february 1 , 2001 . we would like to thank  these individuals for their past contributions and recognize their  instrumental roles in the growth and success of the organization . please  join us in congratulating the following employees , and wishing them continued  success with enron .  to managing director  sally beck  to vice president to senior specialist  david forster luis aybar  david samuels matthew burleigh  jay webb heather busby  stephen ( steve ) harrington  to senior director wei hu  scott mills aneela charania  kevin sweeney diane ellstrom  david rae  to director shifali sharma  michael ( mike ) croucher gang ( george ) ji  rahil jafry jorge mancero  savita puthigai kirti patel  ganapathy ramesh virendra patel  drew ries raleigh ( trey ) rhodes  stuart reed mark symms  thresa allen carlos uribe  jeffrey gossett ye wang  kim theriot amelia alland  stacey white cynthia balfour - flanagan  stacey brewer  to manager marlene hilliard  nilay basu dawn kenne  frank coles errol mclaughin  mark davidson kevin meredith  daniel ( dan ) dietrich meredith mitchell  colin tonks thien - huong ngo  danielle marcinkowski brian palmer  kari oquinn mark schrab  tai nguyen stephanie sever  cornelio pua christopher spears  amy spoede tara sweitzer  gerald ( jake ) staffel sabrae zajac  vernell vallejo  jing fang ( jennifer ) zhou to specialist  christopher abel robert henry  david baumbach benjamin ( ben ) jordan  rebecca ford nikolay kraltchev  ngiam ( jeremy ) wong grace warren  matthew brown kenneth ( kenny ) lim  clara carrington victoria sorkina  richard cross patrick marchand  john swinney sumit shah  maya beyhum kori loibl  patricia sullivan bruce mills  patricia spence mathew motsinger  dimitri taylor bernice rodriquez  darron giron brandi wachtendorf  kristen hanson patryk wlodarski  larry hunter  william kasemervisz to staff  kam keiser norma yeverino  monica lande geralynn gosnell  david maxwell judith walters  melissa ratnala richard miley  joan winfrey  technical consultant guy freshwater  xiaozhuo ( sean ) yang brent storey  show - yien ( show ) lee stuart thom  nai - chung ( jesse ) wang jonathan white  jin yu  to executive assistant  associate to manager peggy mccurley  jason althaus tammie schoppe  cheryl ingstad  ross mesquita to administrative coordinator  leonardo pacheco heather choate  to administrative assistant i to senior clerk  ali de hoyos matthew davies  demonica lipscomb  to senior assistant mark pilkington  barbara lewis daniela de lisi  sarah knott tresea parker  thais hensch angela barnett  laura vargas
HAM Subject: mobil beaumont - marol  rebecca  for mobil in march , beginning on march 21 , hpl started delivering 30 , 000 / d  for midcon ( just like we did in dec and jan , and maybe in feb too )  check with daren farmer when you get ready to do the flash invoice on the  first to confirm the midcon volume amounts and dates  thanks ! ! ! ! !  lee
HAM Subject: correction to 4 / 4 & 4 / 5 nominations for eastrans  as a result of the east texas plant problem late yesterday , the following is  revised nominations for eastrans for april 4 00 am on 4 / 5 / 2000 nomination :  deliveries :  30 , 000 mmbtu into eastrans  redeliveries :  20 , 000 mmbtu into pg & e  7 , 800 mmbtu from fuels cotton valley into hpl  2 , 200 mmbtu into hpl ' s carwheel at carthage  0 mmbtu into mobil beaumont at hsc
HAM Subject: iso compliance filing on june 19 ferc order  all ,  i have reviewed documents from the iso ' s website regarding forced outages as they relate to the june 19 ferc order and concluded the following :  ( 1 ) during a system emergency , a penalty based on twice the highest price paid for energy in the hour could be assessed if the participating generator does not notify the iso of the outage within the operating hour of the outage , and  ( 2 ) during a non - system emergency , a generator could be assessed a penalty if it fails to report the forced outage within the operating hour .  if you have any questions at all , i can be reached at extension 7733 .  thanks ,  donna  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : " almeida , keoni " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 almeida + 2 c + 20 keoni + 22 + 20 + 3 ckalmeida + 40 caiso + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ]  sent : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 1 : 33 pm  to : sheidun , donna  subject : fw : caiso notice - iso compliance filing on june 19 ferc order  importance : high  keoni almeida  california independent system operator  phone : 916 / 608 - 7053  pager : 916 / 814 - 7352  alpha page : 9169812000 . 1151268 @ pagenet . net  e - mail : >  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : grant , colleen on behalf of woertz , byron  sent : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 9 : 45 am  to : iso market participants  subject : caiso notice - iso compliance filing on june 19 ferc order  importance : high  iso market participants :  as you know , on june 19 , the ferc released its " order on rehearing  of monitoring and mitigation plan for the california wholesale electric  markets , establishing west - wide mitigation , and establishing settlement  conference . " since the order was released , market participants have raised  several questions regarding the order . the iso has received several  questions and plans to share those questions and answers with you within the  next few days .  in addition , in compliance with the june 19 ferc order , the iso has  made its compliance filing with ferc . the filing is posted on the iso web  site at http : / / wwwl . caiso . com / pubinfo / ferc / filings / for your review .  the iso will host a conference call from 12 : 00 p . m . to 2 : 00 p . m . pdt  on monday , july 16 to discuss questions you may have regarding the ferc ' s  june 19 order . the details of the call are as follows :  dial - in number : ( 877 ) 381 - 6005  conference id : 1361763  leader : byron woertz  our goal will be to clarify the ways in which the iso is  interpreting and implementing the ferc order and to address other  implementation issues you may have . we do not plan to discuss issues that  are pending or are more appropriately addressed at ferc . if you have  specific questions you would like for us to address , please send them to me  by cob on thursday , july 12 so that we can be better prepared to address  them during the call on monday . if you have any questions , please call or  e - mail me .  byron b . woertz , jr .  director , client relations  ( 916 ) 608 - 7066  ( 800 ) 481 - 7037 - pager
HAM Subject: fw : master netting agreement  f . y . i . mark  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kevin _ t _ howell @ dom . com [ mailto : kevin _ t _ howell @ dom . com ]  sent : 29 november 2001 08 : 43  to : frevert , mark  subject : master netting agreement  kevin t howell  dominion energy clearinghouse  ph : ( 804 ) 273 - 4848  fax : ( 804 ) 273 - 4445  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  mark  my phone message this morning relates to the master netting agreement that  we have been negotiating with your team for the past several days . it is  my understanding that the language on both the isda and the master netting  agreement have been agreed to but enron is unwilling to sign either under  the current circumstances . while we would like to get the isda signed and  have offered a margin holiday as an incentive , i also see your side of the  issue . i would however ask you and your team to separate the two issues  and at least sign the master netting agreement .  based on enron ' s stated goal to protect its core energy trading business ,  dominion is still transacting with enron . the master netting agreement  should be in both of our interest by providing needed liquidity for  additional transactions . i believe that everyone in this industry would  like to see enron ' s energy trading emerge intact and dominion would like to  provide whatever reasonable support we can towards that goal . the master  netting agreement is a critical issue for us and represents the centerpiece  of out ongoing relationship with enron .  mark , i realize that your plate is extremely full right now and this issue  is not at the top of your list . i would simply ask that you ask the enron  team that has worked on this the past days to remain engaged with our team  and bring this to finality .  kevin t howell  dominion energy clearinghouse  ph : ( 804 ) 273 - 4848  fax : ( 804 ) 273 - 4445
HAM Subject: 100 %  mike and sally :  i wanted the 2 of you to be the first to know :  all 5 ou interns received offers ! ! !  ( since michelle terry is not scheduled to graduate until 12 / 01 , she will have  an invitation to intern next summer )  have a great day !  lexi  3 - 4585
HAM Subject: storage book . . .  ravi :  samer and i met this morning with sara ledbetter . she is starting the  groundwork for setting up a storage book and a streaming book for tracking  the e - powered products positions . they are having a meeting on next  tuesday to discuss this . samer will attend . this is a good opportunity to  start compiling the data that we will need for some of john grieblings  questions .  - - stinson  p . s . sara also asked if we knew anyone who would be interested in managing  the storage book . any suggestions ?
HAM Subject: re : willow and pathstar evaluations  mike ,  we are short manpower in london . we shall try to  evaluate the software in houston .  vince  " mike curran " on 04 / 24 / 2001 10 : 03 : 24 am  please respond to " mike curran "  to :  cc :  subject : willow and pathstar evaluations  hi vince -  hope all is well with you .  sharad hasn ' t had time to evaluate our willow tree or monte carlo software  since the middle of last year . is there somebody else that could do it ?  please let me know who i should send the evaluation to .  best regards ,  michael curran  ceo  quantin ' leap limited  piercy house  7 copthall avenue  london ec 2 r 7 nj  tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3450  fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7562 3411  mailto : mcurran @ quantinleap . com  http : / / www . quantinleap . com
HAM Subject: fw : having iris visit london  anita ,  it seems that i am going to london next week . please see forwarded emails .  can you please assist me with my travel arrangements .  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : tuesday , april 24 , 2001 5 : 25 pm  to : shanbhogue , vasant ; mack , iris ; dhar , amitava ; kaminski , vince  subject : having iris visit london  it ' s ok to delay the materials for duffie . he is very busy anyway and is not  going to complain .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001  05 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  scott salmon @ enron  04 / 24 / 2001 01 : 23 pm  to : amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate , ben  parsons / lon / ect @ ect , george albanis / lon / ect @ ect , tomas valnek / lon / ect @ ect ,  bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect  subject : having iris visit london  hi amitava ,  we ' ve been doing some thinking and discussing here regarding the information  on our modelling process we ' ll provide to darryl duffie . we think it would  be extremely valuable for iris to come out to london for a couple weeks to  gain a better understanding of the how the models integrate and are truly  employed . i think this would greatly enhance the " product " we ' ll send to  duffie as well as giving iris a firm view of enron credit . in addition , she  could also explore some of the data sources such as amadeus and others that  might be helpful in private firm modelling . if we ' re extremely  efficient / lucky in receiving data from d & b or experian , she might be able to  begin analysis on that for the private model efforts .  i would recommend she plan on coming out for 2 weeks starting the week of 30  apr perhaps . depending on the progress with the private firm data sources ,  it probably makes sense to send her back to houston to work on calibration  sets with a likely return visit to london as required .  please let me know your thoughts .  cheers ,  scott
HAM Subject: research meeting  all  john sherriff has suggested we all get together in the near future to discuss  the demands being placed on the research group . i will be making a request  for additional resources , and the aim of the meeting is to determine the most  appropriate size for the team .  assistants : can we aim for week commencing 6 th november ?  vince : would you like to teleconference in ?  many thanks  steve
HAM Subject: fw : syncrude  we were working on this deal for about 3 years .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : milnthorp , rob  sent : fri 10 / 19 / 2001 5 : 00 pm  to : lavorato , john  cc : le dain , eric ; hrap , gerry ; drozdiak , dean  subject : syncrude  john , we have completed the 3 year alliance starting nov 1 with syncrude . great work by dean drozdiak and gerry hrap on closing arguably our most significant end - user gas deal to date . this should lead additional opportunities with other oil sands counterparties .  regards  rob
HAM Subject: outstanding performance statements  sally ,  this is the current status of the outstanding peformance evaluations .  michelle cash is reviewing the following :  chris mendoza  ron gaskey  robert lloyd  alton honore  mathew lippert  shawna johnson : supervised by carrie hollomon & jeff gossett . evaluation  turned in to hr and will be forwarded to legal  gloria barkowsky : supervised by bryce baxter . forwarded to supervisor  today . date for evaluation to be set up soon .  cynthia gin : supervised by bob klein . date for review is 8 / 24 / 00 .  aimee lannou : supervised by pat clynes . status : not forwarded to hr as of  today .  let me know if there is any other information that i can provide .  we are keeping track of all evaluations that have been executed to date .  we will pursue the outstanding evaluations after we wrap up this process  first .  hgm
HAM Subject: coal prices  note : this research is in sync with what the utilities and industry representatives were saying at the  wisconsin winter fuels meeting - - that coal prices are up over last year . lb  energy insight news for friday , october 19 , 2001  utilities should prepare for higher coal prices  coal prices in the united states were in a trough for so long - take your  pick , 10 , 15 , 20 years , according to some - that big users - read , power  producers - may have been lulled to sleep .  well , folks , the wakeup call is soon to be sounded , and , for some major  players , it may sound like a bugle blast in the ear .  while spot market prices took off as long ago as july 2000 , most major  producers were saved from swallowing the huge run - ups on the spot market  because utilities for the most part use long - term contracts to maintain a  hold on their fuel costs .  however , while the evidence is strictly anecdotal - no buyer wants to tip his  hand to the competition - this much is known : a substantial amount of contract  coal comes off pact in 2002 and 2003 .  and suppliers , who have toiled under the mantra that they would make up for  low prices by increasing productivity - for example , cutting labor costs - are  raring to get what they believe they deserve .  one big wild card in the upcoming battle for higher prices is how severe the  country ' s recession will be . obviously , a long - term downturn dampens energy  usage so utilities and merchant players don ' t need to replenish their coal  stocks . read the entire story at http : / / www . energyinsight . com .
HAM Subject: meter 5892  i am getting several phone calls from alpine resources demanding to be paid  for meter 5892 and there is nothing there to be paid .  the person name doing the requesting is john childers and he said that he  spoke to daren farmer . he is looking for 859 mmbtu ' s for december , 2000 and  3 , 251 mmbtu ' s for january 2001 . this is on the katy gas unit . if anyone  would like to talk to john his phone number is 281 - 646 - 0232  charlene  x 31539
HAM Subject: on mahonia margining , i spoke with mike garberding . tells me he went through all collateral issues on these deals with wendi lebrocq in credit last week and everything tied exactly . he will walk tanya rohauer through the exact same steps tomorrow . eric boyt is pulling deal numbers and details to match to documents .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net )
HAM Subject: 2 / 07 / 01 gas flow  hpl gas control shows that terry with tufco gas control requested an increase  from 0 . 0 ( zero ) to 60 . 0 effective 1 : 00 pm and don with tufco gas control  requested a cut from 60 . 0 to 0 . 0 ( zero ) effective 1 : 00 am . the nom should be  30 . 0 according to hpl gas control records .  if you have any questions please call 713 . 853 . 6449  gary  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 02 / 08 / 2001 10 : 46  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " melissa jones " on 02 / 08 / 2001 10 : 39 : 05 am  to : " charlie stone " , " gary green " ,  daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , gary . a . hanks @ enron . com ,  carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com , " david avila "  , liz . bellamy @ enron . com , " ronnie skerik " ,  kponton @ duke - energy . com  cc :  subject : 2 / 07 / 01 gas flow  we show the nom for teco tap to be 30 . 000 and the actual for teco tap is  21 . 814  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa jones / texas utilities on  02 / 08 / 2001  10 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kponton @ duke - energy . com on 02 / 08 / 2001 09 : 06 : 50 am  to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa  jones / texas utilities @ tu  cc :  subject : 2 / 07 / 01 gas flow  nom = 17 , 500 ( 6 : 00 pm started 60 , 000 rate & shut off at 1 : 00 am )  actual flow = 21 , 076 mcf 21 , 814 mmbtu ' s
HAM Subject: re : howard confirmation  jeff ,  i cannot interview howard on tue ( business trip ) .  i think the organization is very interested in him .  i don ' t know what " illicts your attention " means .  vince  " $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ " on 02 / 16 / 2001 03 : 02 : 36 pm  please respond to " $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ "  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : howard confirmation  hi vince , i ' m on vacation from friday ( today ) until tuesday . rachel / london  sent me this confirmation last night and think it illicts your attention - did  they get it right to meet you satisfaction ? i hope your interview goes well  with howard too . it ' s all set .  any feedback on the guys from ford credit and citigroup / oxford university ? i  own them outright - no other firms involved ! fyi : my fees are always much less  on these candidates ( exclusive ownership by myself ) as there are no middlemen  involved from these " other firms " . i luckily have been attracting very  talented candidates with just doing business " as myself " rather than mri . i  am very encouraged . please check them out , vince . . . as you know - i always  send you them first then on to my other clients - if you reject them .  bye vince , thank you for the business !  jeff  ps - use my cellphone if you want me ( the next 4 days ) for anything ; i ' m here  for you - 949 813 2241  candidate ' s name : howard haughton  date of interview : tuesday 20 february 2001  time of interview : 2 . 00 pm  interviewers : david weekes enron credit sales  & marketing  mark leahy enron credit sales &  marketing  bryan seyfried enron credit executive  markus fiala enron credit trading  robina barker - bennett enron credit  syndication  ted murphy executive rac  each interview will be approximately 45 minutes .  address : 40 grosvenor place  london  swlx 7 en  switchboard : 020 7783 - 0000  closest tube / train station : victoria  to ask for : david weekes at main reception  location map attached  ( see attached file : location map . pdf )  i will take this as confirmed unless i hear otherwise from you . if you  would like to discuss this please contact me on 020 7783 5677 .  regards  rachel quirke  human resources  * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / *
HAM Subject: re : stealth  louise , i know that steve has brought this up with the folks who are working the vitro selldown . in other words we are not banking on a single entity to make this happen , we are considering other buyers .  matt  matthew duffy  enron de mexico  phone : from the us - 011 528 152 2417  inside mexico - ( 8 ) 152 - 2417  louise kitchen @ ect 07 / 05 / 2001 03 : 12 pm to : steve irvin / hou / ect @ ect cc : matthew duffy / na / enron @ enron , victor m gonzalez / na / enron @ enron subject : re : stealth  probably didn ' t make myself clear enough - sorry its been a long day . have we thought about flipping to another developer ( other than your millionaire guy ) , you probably have pursued others apart from him but others may be interested - we are finding buyers for alamac which is surprizing .  steve irvin  07 / 05 / 2001 02 : 28 pm  to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  cc : matthew duffy / na / enron @ enron , victor m gonzalez / na / enron @ enron  subject : re : stealth  louise ,  the earnings strategy of all " stealth " projects is to sell of the majority of the equity in the project to a third party . i don ' t think we know yet whether someone like transalta would be interested in a project of this size and at this location but we would certainly welcome any and all interested buyers of the project to a selldown process . we do think that most buyers would place a premium on their offer for the equity in these projects if financing has already occurred or is assurred , but we are not married to the idea .  as to the financing fees , we have assumed us $ 750 , 000 as a minimum up front fee a bank would charge for the project to be worth their time . brian kerrigan provided me with that cost assumption for a one - off financing for a project of this size , prior to his leaving .  thanks ,  steve  
HAM Subject: alp presentation  on behalf of enron corp . i would like to invite you to an alp project  presentation by a group of students  of jesse h . jones graduate school of management , rice university .  the students will present the results of a research project regarding  electronic trading  platforms in the energy industry .  the presentation will be held on may 7 , at 4 : 00 p . m . at enron , 1400 smith .  we would also like to invite you to dinner , following the presentation .  vince kaminski  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell )  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com
HAM Subject: fw : canada origination  hi louise ,  can you please provide some guidance ? originally what we prepared for you has been an origination schedule each month . as you know , we ' ve since added mpr items . several commercial folks are now requesting that we add in accrual items . are you okay with this ?  would you like to see two schedules each month - one with only true originations , then an additional report that includes originations , mpr , and accrual items ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : carter , carol  sent : friday , november 02 , 2001 11 : 15 am  to : killen , faith  subject : canada origination  faith ,  i have differences with canada on the originations schedule due to accrual income items . i have not included the accrual income on the originations schedule for louise . please advise .  please note that the spreadsheet has 4 tabs and the discrepancies are highlighted in pink .  thanks .  have a great day ,  carol l . carter  713 - 853 - 1945
HAM Subject: hold the date : wholesale and retail power systems update &  discussion - october 12 , 2001  please hold october 12 , 2000 ( 10 a to 3 : 00 p ) on your calendars for an offsite meeting to discuss wholesale and retail power systems . logistics are forthcoming .  attendees  tim belden  don black  anthony dayao  kenny ha  rogers herndon  steve nat  murray o ' neil  beth perlman  kevin presto  jeff richter  lloyd will  optional attendees  todd busby  louise kitchen  thank you .
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 21 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ;  start date : 12 / 21 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122106 . txt
HAM Subject: re : green card  norma : you are correct in that sevil and i have spoken about her green card ,  and before we can proceed with this , we need to transfer her from the fl visa  to an hib visa , which we will do later this year .  sevil : please contact me approx . june or july so that we can start the hib  process .  thanks  margaret  from : norma villarreal / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 08 / 2001 06 : 31 pm  to : sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect  cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : green card  sevil ,  i believe you and margret daffin have spoken about the next steps for your  green card . you will need to start working on you hib at the begining of  october 2001 .  if there is any confusion on my part please let me know .  norma villarreal  x 31545  below is dicussion between margret daffin and sevil in an e : mail january 26 ,  2001 :  " sevil : first of all we have to get you an hib visa before we can work on  getting you the green card .  after you get your opt , contact me sometime in the summer and i will start  working on your hib visa which we will obtain in approx . october , 2001 . we  cannot start the green card process when you are still on an fl visa - you  have to be on an hib visa . there is no rush - you will have six years on the  hib visa - plenty of time in which to get the green card . "  this was in reference to her note to me , as follows :  " i think i ' ll have time approximately until the end of 2002 by using cpt and  opt . this makes almost two years . if we can start green card process now , do  you think that i would get it before i need hl . in every case , can ' t we start  green card before i get hl ? because i don ' t want to waste these two years  given the fact that green card process is a long process . "  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : yaman , sevil  sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 3 : 59 pm  to : daffin , margaret  cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ enron  subject : green card  i haven ' t heard back from any of you regarding my immigration status . could  you please get back to me with the information about the initialization of my  green card process ? thank you .  sevil yaman  eb 1943  x 58083
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ;  start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010313 . txt
HAM Subject: chicago partners  davis ,  i sent out the memo . no reaction yet .  vince
HAM Subject: enron / hpl actuals for august 31 , 2000  teco tap 18 . 000 / enron ; 52 . 000 / hpl gas daily  ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron
HAM Subject: joe carson  greg ,  two things i did not manage to mention to you at the meeting on monday .  1 . joe carson . i was very positively impressed by joe carson .  enron badly needs a senior economist of his stature and  experience . he has many contacts in the industry and can represent  enron well . he is very pragmatic and , also , i expect a cool head on old  shoulders .  one negative is that he wants to work out of new york . the tradeoff is  between  maintaining his contacts and working closer with the desks .  2 . tony mends . i think you , or louise , should explore the possibility of  using the skills of tony mends .  tony and i are good friends so i may be biased . i think that he is a very  smart  and efficient person and can contribute a lot to the organization that  relies  on processing huge volumes of information .  vince
HAM Subject: re : as expected !  louise ,  no hi how are you doing ? no how is it going up there in portland ? you just come in and go right for the west desk ' s eol jugular .  as everyone knows , the west power desk has a spotty record , at best , on maintaining eol volumes . there are some good reasons for this and some lame , tired excuses which i ' m sure we will discuss in great detail in the near future .  i currently don ' t get the ice reports and will make sure i am on the distribution . from what our traders tell me and what the report that you sent indicates , ice is having an even harder time in the west than we are . it looked like there were two one - month deals on ice that day totalling 20 , 000 mwh . in contrast , we had 87 transactions totalling 269 , 000 mwh . if i ' m reading it right , the ice report actually makes us look good by comparison !  tim  enron capital & trade resources corp . from : kevin m presto 02 / 23 / 2001 12 : 18 pm  to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : as expected !  we look at ice volume reports every day and they are doing about 10 - 20 % of the volumes ( and # transactions ) we are doing on eol . we are doing 300 - 350 transactions per day in east power and ice does approx . 45 - 50 transactions per day .  
HAM Subject: december 15 th super saturday friday interview confirmation  please see the attached regarding interview confirmation and information for  friday , december 15 th .  thanks  shelly
HAM Subject: re : e - request 53597 - darin presto  lisa -  i ' m still attempting to get our three new traders set up with the necessary lotus notes databases . i just tried to login as darin presto , and it appears he does not yet have an id . could you let me know what more i need to do to get these guys access to the following lotus notes databases ?  thanks ,  kate  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : symes , kate  sent : thursday , august 16 , 2001 3 : 46 pm  to : enron messaging security ,  subject : re : e - request 53597 - darin presto  lisa -  thanks for looking into this , and for your quick response . i ' m not sure which databases you ' re looking at ( possibly east real time ? ) , but i ' ve attached a list of the four databases the new portland real time traders need access to . the traders names are : darin presto ; john c . anderson ; michael mier . of course , their need for a lotus notes account is implicit in this request . beyond that , they need the following :  title - wscc outages  server - ectpdx - lnl / ect  filename - mail \ wsccnet . nsf  title - west realtime  server - ectpdx - lnl / ect  filename - mail \ westreal . nsf  title - west power scheduling archive  server - ecthou _ lnl / ect  filename - power \ powrschdiarchive . nsf  title - west power scheduling discussion  server - ecthou _ lnl / ect  filename - power \ powrschdi . nsf  again , thank you for your help with this , and please let me know if there ' s anything i can do to help .  thanks ,  kate  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : enron messaging security ,  sent : thursday , august 16 , 2001 3 : 17 pm  to : symes , kate  subject : e - request 53597 - darin presto  there are two databases which i cannot locate :  west realtime  wscc outages  however , i did locate :  real time operations : ectpdx - lnl / ect \ realtime \ myaccoun . nsf ( would this be the correct database ? )  realtime : ecthou - ln 7 / ect \ mail \ realtime . nsf  for wscc outages and west realtime databases , if you could locate someone who does have access to these databases and ask them to do the following :  close the database icon  right - click on the database icon  choose file , database , properties  then send me the title , server , and filename information . this will be of great help .  many thanks and please advise .  lisa scully
HAM Subject: enron / hpl actuals for august 24 , 2000  teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 92 . 500 / hpl gas daily  ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron
HAM Subject: colin  louise ,  colin came in this morning , spent some time with the gas team , hr and then with me , and has decided he doesn ' t want to come back .  he intends to go back to uk in q 2 and intends to chill out untill then , do some travelling etc . . . .  we had a long conversation about this , and it was evident that his mind is pretty much made up .  he was very flattered about being asked to stay on and he wanted me to pass thanks to you for thinking of him , and is sorry to have to let you down by not accepting . . . .  regards  stephen stock  tel : 713 - 345 - 8980  cell : 832 - 274 - 0236
HAM Subject: re : summer work . .  jinbaek ,  this is a project related to automated trading platforms for commodities .  vince  jinbaek kim on 05 / 02 / 2001 05 : 21 : 40 pm  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : summer work . .  dr . kaminski ,  thanks for your mail .  i am sorry that i ' ll not be available earlier ,  i will talk with my advisor , but  probably it will be pretty negative .  however , i may be able to start it from junel ,  depending on what he tells . .  we will meet tomorrow afternoon ,  so i ' ll be able to let you know  whether we can start work earlier then .  and could you tell me briefly  what are those projects you have in mind ?  thanks !  jinbaek kim  ph . d candidate  dept . of industrial engineering and operations research  u . c . berkeley  http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek  go bears !  : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` .  : a a : _ _ . . . . . _  : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' .  : . ' : ` . : ` , ` .  ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ;  : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . '  ` . ' " ' ;  ` . ' ;  ` . ` : ` ;  . ` . ; ; : ;  . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` .  _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` .  . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ;  ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - '  ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . '  on wed , 2 may 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > jinbaek ,  >  > thanks for your message .  >  > we have a number of additional fascinating projects that you can work  > on . as a matter of fact , it would be great to have you here earlier .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > " jinbaek kim " on 05 / 02 / 2001 05 : 18 : 32 am  >  > to : , " raghavan , suresh "  > , " mesquita , ross "  >  > cc :  > subject : summer work . .  >  >  > long time no see ,  > how have you been . . . must be busy and living a challenging life ?  > i have been pretty busy too ,  > to finish a project and write a paper , these days .  >  > everything looks going ok for my summer internship .  > i took necessary steps to work out of campus , and sent  > signed contract to molly a week ago . .  >  > here is what i am expecting to do in the summer .  > please let me know if you have any change in mind .  > actually , i wonder a little bit if dealbench changed its business model . . .  > and maybe you got priority in something different  > because it has been quite a while since we talked .  > i ' d like to what ' s going on in dealbench team . . .  > raghavan and ross ,  > if we talk over phone it will be great !  >  > dr . kaminski ,  > if you think there is something else interesting to work with during the  > summer ,  > to both you and i , please let me know .  > my interest is auction , market design , and simulation .  > i am taking a financial engineering class , ( mostly on option pricing )  > and working on electricity generator valuation problem based on  > spark spread option .  >  > all of you ,  > let ' s keep in touch until we meet in june ! !  >  > best regards ,  > jinbaek  >  >  > tentative work period : 6 / 4 - 8 / 4  >  > 1 . tasks :  > 1 ) survey on auctions : the state of art  > single - item auction , multi - unit auction , sequential auction ,  > multi - attribute auction , combinatorial auction  >  > - theoretical  > - experimental  > - algorithmical  >  > 2 ) deal bench ' s auction model analysis  >  > 2 . deliverables :  > 1 ) 3 presentations :  > - lst presentation : around 6 / 30 : on different auction types and  > researches  > - 2 nd presentation : around 7 / 15 : the state of art in auction studies  > - 3 rd presentation : around 8 / 1 : deal bench ' s model analysis  >  > 2 ) report :  > summary of auction study in laymen ' s term  > deal bench ' s model analysis  >  >  >  >  >  >  >
HAM Subject: re : summary spreadsheet for data vendor research and model  development  hi ,  fyi here is an updated spreadsheet summarizing the data vendor research and  model development .  please let me know if any thing is missing , wrong , should be deleted , etc .  thanks ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : salmon , scott  sent : monday , april 09 , 2001 2 : 15 pm  to : dhar , amitava  cc : mumford , mike ; kirkpatrick , eric ; mack , iris  subject : re : data for private firm model  great work iris ! this gets us heading down the right direction and we ' ll  have some project scope documentation asap .  cheers ,  scott  amitava dhar  09 / 04 / 2001 19 : 25  to : scott salmon / eu / enron @ enron , mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect , eric  kirkpatrick / eu / enron @ enron  cc : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate  subject : data for private firm model  the enclosed spreadsheet contains a summary of preliminary data search plan  prepared by iris . we will talk about further progress during our conf . call  on wednesday .  >
HAM Subject: tw transportation contract # 25374  michelle ,  please ammend contract # 25374 to include the month of february 2001 .  thanks ,  andrew pacheco
HAM Subject: enron / hpl actuals for august 16 , 2000  teco tap 120 . 000 / hpl iferc ; 20 . 000 / enron  ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron
HAM Subject: re : todd hall  sally :  below is the detail of what the " extra " housing cost was for todd hall that  is to be charged to whatever rc is provided . if you need to discuss further ,  please call me at 55064 . otherwise , may we have a charge cdode for this  expense ?  thanks ,  jane  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jane allen / hou / ect on 05 / 12 / 2000 08 : 40 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tara rozen  05 / 12 / 2000 04 : 31 am  to : jane allen / hou / ect @ ect  cc : rachel clifford / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : todd hall  if todd was unaccompanied , we would have paid o 2167 p / m . the flat he is  occupying is o 2817 p / m , difference of o 650 p / m . not sure if this is going to  be relevant enough to the rc . we definitely could have rented the place so it  would not have been left empty .  let me know if you need anything else .  tara  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : jane allen 11 / 05 / 2000 22 : 11  to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : todd hall  before i speak with sally , exactly what piece of the housing are we charging  to her rc since he took existing housing ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jane allen / hou / ect on 05 / 11 / 2000 04 : 09 pm  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  kim melodick  05 / 11 / 2000 12 : 28 pm  to : jane allen / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : todd hall  jane , norma has the group now , however , i do believe sally wants to speak  with you on this issue .  enron north america corp .  from : jane allen 05 / 08 / 2000 04 : 15 pm  to : kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : todd hall  i called and left you a message last week . do we still need to talk or has  it been resolved ? my new number is 55064 .  jane  kim melodick  05 / 03 / 2000 12 : 39 pm  to : jane allen / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect  subject : re : todd hall  sally would like to speak to you regarding the differential . she knows that  todd had taken residence in accommodations left vacant by beth perlman . she  want ed more clarification on how that would be managed since it was  utilizing an existing space . the rc she provided was todd hall ' s rc # 2182 .  please call me at your earliest convenience as i will explain the remaining  details .  enron north america corp .  from : jane allen 05 / 02 / 2000 08 : 01 am  to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect  cc : kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : todd hall  kim :  can you get this for tara , please ?  jane  tara rozen  05 / 02 / 2000 03 : 02 am  to : jane allen / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : todd hall  no , i did not , thanks  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : jane allen 01 / 05 / 2000 14 : 11  to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect  cc : kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect  subject : todd hall  tara :  did you ever get the coding for this expense ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jane allen / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2000 08 : 10 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : jane allen 03 / 17 / 2000 08 : 31 am  to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect  subject : todd hall  can we please have the rc that should be charged for the upgrade for todd ' s  housing from single to accompanied ?  thanks ,  jane  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jane allen / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000 08 : 31 am  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  tara rozen  03 / 17 / 2000 02 : 58 am  to : matt hatton / lon / ect @ ect  cc : lisa mcrae / lon / ect @ ect , jane allen / hou / ect @ ect  subject : todd hall  matt  please can you arrange for todd hall , who is coming from houston to work for  barry pearce , to stay at dolphin square apartments ? please liaise with him  directly on this .  we have a bit of a complicated costing situation . barry pearce will be taking  the cost of the normal one bedrooms at dolphin square and sally is taking the  rest of the cost .  jane - please provide the costs for sally ' s rc .  thanks  tara  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tara rozen / lon / ect on 17 / 03 / 2000 08 : 56  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron capital & trade resources corp .  from : jane allen 15 / 03 / 2000 21 : 43  to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect  cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect  subject : todd hall  sally has decided to go with the 2 bedroom dolphin square accommodations for  todd . please reserve them for march 25 th through at least april 15 .  thanks .  jane
HAM Subject: re : let ' s talk turbines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  louise :  as i didn ' t see a turbine list attached , just to confirm our conversation , the turbine book to be shared 1 / 3 by me , calger , and wiggs will inlclude the 3 x mhi 501 fs , the 1 x 501 d 5 a , and the abbl 1 ns coming in from canada . please let me know if i ' ve forgotten anything .  i ' ll get right on this .  regards ,  ben  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : mon 7 / 2 / 2001 10 : 36 am  to : jacoby , ben ; wiggs , brett ; calger , christopher f .  cc :  subject : let ' s talk turbines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  can you three get together and come up with a strategy for all the turbines and let me have some sort of summary document .  i am assuming that you three own the turbine book ( 33 . 3 % each ) and have the following turbines ( let me know if i have forgotten any ) .  i would also like to see the outline of terms under which ( i ) the transfer of the abb turbines from canada and ( ii ) , the terms under which brett participates in the turbine book . ( you ' ll need to agree all this by thursday , i will give you transfer number on friday for the abb turbines if one is not included in the report ) .  you guys need to discuss this together and please get me the information on thursday ( let me know if you want to discuss it or will just email me a copy ) .  thanks  louise
HAM Subject: maureen ' s presentation  here it is !
HAM Subject: mgi supply  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by elsa villarreal / hou / ect on 12 / 26 / 2000  02 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : nicole vo @ enron 12 / 08 / 2000 11 : 28 am  to : elsa villarreal / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : mgi supply  humble gas pipeline  s # 446339 , 449505 , 411836 , 472615 , 463236 , 448454  elsa ,  i was informed to bill anything on hgpl by my supervisor , but when i talk to  priscilla hamic she informed me that hgpl should be billed by offsystem and  not the texas desk . the deals in sitara that relate to hgpl all state that  it is texas desk .  please let me know who should be billing mgi supply for hgpl volume .  thanks for your help .  nicole vo
HAM Subject: spreadsheet for george posey  vince and clayton :  attached is the spread sheet i worked up for george posey . feel free to  edit or let me know and i will .  thanks !
HAM Subject: sean wells resume  any interest ? ?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 04 / 26 / 2000  11 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  alexus rhone @ enron  04 / 26 / 2000 11 : 22 am  to :  cc : ( bcc : brenda f herod / hou / ect )  subject : sean wells resume  are you interested in considering summer employment for college students ? if  so , attached is a resume for sean wells . sean is a university of north texas  student interested in building his energy industry background . if you ' re  interested , please let me know . thanks .  ar / 33202  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alexus rhone / corp / enron on 04 / 26 / 2000  11 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  all ,  intern referral from mike mcconnell . not sure his background / education is a  fit for technology ? maybe other groups are looking for summer interns with  some energy related experience . he worked last summer at dynegy in gas  control and scheduling .  please let me know if you have any interest .  thanks ,  robert  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike mcconnell / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2000  12 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  rollins 50 @ aol . com on 04 / 20 / 2000 05 : 09 : 59 pm  to : mike . mcconnell @ enron . com  cc :  subject : sean wells resume  mr . mike mcconnell  chief executive officer  global technology  enron corp .  1400 smith street  houston , tx 77002  subject : resume for summer internship  april 20 , 2000  dear mr . mcconnell :  thank you for taking the time to consider this resume for a possible summer  internship with enron . i understand that you have spoken to my father , scott  wells at texaco , and he has informed me that enron accepts interns only when  a department asks for one .  i ' d like to continue my education in the energy industry for a second summer .  i interned for dynegy last summer and learned many new concepts and terms  for working in the gas industry . i worked on the trading floor as a gas  scheduler , and after only a month i was controlling the northeast cng  pipeline . this helped because i really got to learn were many of the  northeast pipes are located and different pooling and connecting points .  other responsibilities were inputting numbers into the morning spreadsheet of  the gas bought and sold that morning . throughout the day i would work on  projects they needed completed and attend meetings that pertained to the  trading floor . it was all a great learning experience for me and i hope to  use my knowledge again this summer for enron .  i would appreciate your help in forwarding my resume to the proper human  resource personnel so that i might be able to contact him or her in hopes of  a future internship possibility . i will be available to have a start date of  may 15 th and be available for employment until school resumes in late august .  thank you for your time , and i look forward to hearing from someone in your  company at his / her earliest convenience . please feel free to call me at  940 - 323 - 0891 , or email me at rollins 50 @ aol . com .  sincerely -  sean wells  attach : resume . doc  - resume . doc
HAM Subject: commoditylogic . com  mike ,  further to our conversation , here are some of the things i thought of while  speaking with tom gros . there are definitely some challenges we have to  overcome to make the hub idea within commoditylogic . com as successful as  enrononline rather than have it turn out like sitara .  i won ' t repeat thoughts about how we split cl from enron , but let ' s put  ourselves in the shoes of somebody external for whom this was presented as a  potential solution . well , that ' s an easy decision , somebody else is doing the  hard work , and not charging us very much for it . so sign - up , but don ' t rely  on anything until we see everything working .  handling counterparties not using the system  the challenge here is that the final solution world with overybody using the  hub is wonderful , but until everybody is using the hub , we have to keep other  procedures and systems going , which stretches resources , development , it  support and user . this was why we decided to delay getting bolero - the  concept is wonderful , but the value to any user is very dependent on everyone  else one trades with using the system . this is classic chicken and egg . tom  has a vision of cl providing the staff to handle this . this is taking us  closer to an outsource - to - andersen - consulting model which is certainly  achievable , although not quite such an easy sell .  how much resource is left  the latest project always tends to attract the most imaginative people , who  are therefore not available for keeping everything else going and moving  onwards . how about if we accept that such resource is dedicated to cl , and  then review what is left in the remaining environment . does it mean we hold  off doing anything ? if we do then increasing volume means that we might end  up incurring costs for massive numbers of people ! we should go through  costing for " what happens if we completely stop development of x project ? " .  if that shows one would need 200 clerks for 3 years until something else  comes along then it may be cheaper than developing , but i hope in most cases  it is not !  start small to prove concept  e . g . first application in april 2001 only covers 20 fields  this is excellent , and we needn ' t shout it too loud to investors in cl , but  for our internal back office costing we need to acknowledge that it will be  years before we can switch off many internal systems .  we might limit the payback period on projects not part of this strategy to 3  years out ?  include european aspects from the beginning  this really isn ' t very difficult so long as one has some long - on - common - sense  europeans ( not just brits ) involved in both specification and development  from the beginning , but an as example of how not to do it , look at enpower  which took a year to allow just for currencies etc !  80 - 20 rule for types of transaction  eol has shown the benefits of focussing on simpler products first .  once we have robust warehouses for collecting accounting ( dtl ) and risk  ( risktrac ? ) numbers then we can think about having vanilla products on stp ,  and yet - to - become - vanilla products on explicitly different , manual  approaches . until that time , we have a strong desire to include as many  different prodcuts as possible for a given commodity in one system , which  makes separating vanillas from others more complicated and costly ( think of  certain deals in power 99 which are approximations of the actual deals , and  manually tweaked every so often )  testing  tom ' s first thought is that we could leverage initial users ( who would not  pay ) to do much of the testing .  eol clearly got its testing done , but other experience shows that in order to  have anything which saves time one really does need to do all the different  phases - component , system , integration , end - to - end , and then user - acceptance .  eol saw confidentiality as an issue and was therefore unable to use many  external users early in the process . it did have massive  resource - commandability and so obtained input from many traders . do the  support functions have sufficient slack that they will be able to provide the  same sort of user attention ? given how often i hear " short people " , that  strikes me as something which in london would require significant additional  resource , even after mg is absorbed .  what else did you come up with ?  richard
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 15 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 16 ;  start date : 12 / 15 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121516 . txt
HAM Subject: lp deal  guys -  fran and i have just noticed that two of the deals remarketed real - time were put on the st nw book and the third was put on the w hourly book .  we need to get together and chat so that we can keep this consistent and make sure that the right books recognize the changes .  let me know if you will have time this afternoon by 3 .  if not , let ' s plan to meet tomorrow .  thanks ,  virginia
HAM Subject: meter 1459 , 6 / 00  daren - i need a deal set up for meter 1459 for june ' 00 . it flowed 34 / day  6 / 1 - 6 / 6 . the last deal number used was 77352 for ena . please let me know  when this is set up .  thanks ,  aimee
HAM Subject: important video announcement  i have a very important video announcement about the future of our company . please go to to access the video . thank you .
HAM Subject: preliminary interviews with the research group  good morning professor ordonez :  vince would like to bring ernesto and carlos in for a preliminary interview .  vince and stinson are available on tuesday , december 5 or wednesday ,  december 6 .  should i contact them personally , or will you arrange the interviews ?  i will need to know the times they are available on these days and i will also  need copies of their resumes .  if you need any information , please call me at 713 / 853 - 5290 .  regards ,  shirley crenshaw  administrative coordinator  enron research group  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 11 / 27 / 2000  10 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vince j kaminski  11 / 27 / 2000 10 : 47 am  to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : greetings  shirley ,  please , invite them for a preliminary interview ,  stinson , zimin , paulo and myself .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 27 / 2000  10 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  carlos ordonez on 11 / 27 / 2000 10 : 15 : 51 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : re : greetings  dear vince ,  i am sorry for the dely in answering . these are their phone numbers :  ernesto hernandez : ( 713 ) 532 - 0573  carlos gorrichategui : ( 713 ) 668 - 0408 .  the best way to get a hold of them at this point would be through  me . i would pass along the information and then they can contact you .  cheers ,  carlos  at 12 : 50 pm 11 / 21 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  >  > carlos ,  >  > i need their phone numbers .  >  > vince  >  >  >  >  >  > carlos ordonez on 11 / 21 / 2000 11 : 45 : 45 am  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  > cc :  > subject : re : greetings  >  >  > vince ,  >  > i gave you both their academic reports from here and mexico and panama .  > this  > information i believe also contain some personal info . would you need more ?  > one of them was a bit nervous about the formality of turning in an actual  > resume . . .  >  > please let me know whether the academic info is not enough .  >  > cheers ,  >  > carlos  >  >  >  >  >  > at 10 : 41 am 11 / 21 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote :  > >  > > carlos ,  > >  > > please , forward their resumes to us and we shall set up an interview for  > > them .  > >  > > vince  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > > carlos ordonez on 11 / 21 / 2000 09 : 30 : 08 am  > >  > > to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com  > > cc : vkamins @ enron . com  > > subject : re : greetings  > >  > >  > > dear vincent and stinson ,  > >  > > both my students would love to come visit you guys for an informal  > > visit in the near future . please let me know well ahead of time  > > when they can come . if possible , see to it that their parking expenses  > > be paid when they do come .  > >  > >  > > i ' ll be in touch with you all over the next months about this and  > > a possible postdoctoral / trainee agreement ( world lab . ) .  > >  > > cheers ,  > >  > > carlos  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  > >  >  >  >  >  >  >
HAM Subject: enron mentions - 11 - 05 - 01  enron transaction raises new questions - - - a company executive ran entity that received $ 35 million in march  the wall street journal , 11 / 05 / 01  what enron ' s financial reports did - - and didn ' t - - reveal - - - enron short seller detected red flags in regulatory filings  the wall street journal , 11 / 05 / 01  what enron ' s financial reports did - - and didn ' t - - reveal - - - auditor could face scrutiny on clarity of financial reports  the wall street journal , 11 / 05 / 01  enron offers only questions  realmoney . com , 11 / 05 / 01  companies & finance international - unions seek reform at enron .  financial times , 11 / 05 / 01  usa : enron made $ 35 mln purchase from co run by officer - wsj .  reuters english news service , 11 / 05 / 01  enron made 35 mln usd purchase from entity run by officer of company - report  afx news , 11 / 05 / 01  enron transaction with entity run by executive raises questions  dow jones business news , 11 / 05 / 01  enron may have to sell assets  national post , 11 / 05 / 01  enron ' s indian unit serves asset transfer notice to mseb  dow jones international news , 11 / 05 / 01  uk : u . s . stocks edge higher in europe , futures firm .  reuters english news service , 11 / 05 / 01  bg : technically qualified to operate enron india fields  dow jones energy service , 11 / 05 / 01  uk press : us unions call for corp reform at enron  dow jones international news , 11 / 05 / 01  india : enron ' s india lenders to discuss $ 2 . 9 bln project .  reuters english news service , 11 / 05 / 01  enron starts valuing india unit , claim for canceled power pact  bloomberg , 11 / 05 / 01  enron in talks to sell 50 % stake in korean gas unit ( update 3 )  bloomberg , 11 / 05 / 01  enron transaction raises new questions - - - a company executive ran entity that received $ 35 million in march  by john r . emshwiller  staff reporter of the wall street journal  11 / 05 / 2001  the wall street journal  a 3  ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones as of june 30 , it had $ 63 . 4 billion .  messrs . kopper and fastow had " extensive involvement in the organization , investment activity and operations " of jedi , according to the 1999 ljm 2 private - offering memorandum . jedi invested $ 2 . 1 billion in 63 separate transactions , the document said . after accounting for jedi ' s $ 500 million in equity , this indicates the partnership borrowed as much as $ 1 . 6 billion .  in 1997 , calpers sold its interest in jedi back to enron for about $ 375 million . at about the same time , calpers put $ 500 million into a new enron partnership , known as jedi ii .  at this point , enron could have held on to all of jedi , but that probably would have entailed consolidating the partnership and its debts into the company ' s financial statements .  that , apparently , is where chewco came in . ( chewco got its name , says one person familiar with the matter , from the character chewbacca in the " star wars " movies , where jedi warriors also roamed . ) chewco bought from enron the jedi interest formerly held by calpers , according to documents and interviews . it couldn ' t be determined what the terms of that transaction were . however , the fact that chewco shows up as a debtor to jedi in the texas state filing suggests that money for the purchase was borrowed from jedi itself .  the available information on the chain of transactions raises questions about how separate jedi and chewco really were from enron and whether jedi ' s assets and liabilities should have been folded into the company ' s financial statements .  in a march 2000 sec filing , enron makes a brief reference to its new jedi partner , which enron doesn ' t identify but presumably is chewco . the filing said " an officer of enron has invested in the limited partner of jedi and from time to time acts as agent on behalf of the limited partner ' s management . " while the officer isn ' t named , the description is similar to that given for mr . kopper in relation to chewco in the ljm 2 offering memorandum .  in march of this year , enron moved to purchase the balance of jedi that it didn ' t already own . in an sec filing earlier this year , enron said it acquired for $ 35 million " the limited partner ' s interests " in jedi . again , the partner wasn ' t named , but presumably was chewco .  enron consolidated jedi ' s assets and liabilities into the company . the sec filing said jedi ' s holdings included 12 million shares of enron stock . enron said it also paid off about $ 620 million of jedi " third - party debt . " the third party or parties weren ' t named .  - - - a jedi ' s journey  - - 1993 : enron and california public employees ' retirement system , or  calpers , form jedi limited partnership and each commit $ 250 million to  make energy investments .  - - 1997 : enron purchases calpers ' share in jedi for about $ 375  million and then resells it to an entity , believed to be chewco  investments . chewco formed with $ 400 million in capital commitments  and run by enron officer to purchase enron assets .  - - 2001 : enron repurchases all of jedi and consolidates it into the  company .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  heard on the street  what enron ' s financial reports did - - and didn ' t - - reveal - - - enron short seller detected red flags in regulatory filings  by cassell bryan - low and suzanne mcgee  staff reporters of the wall street journal  11 / 05 / 2001  the wall street journal  cl  ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones it had no immediate comment friday .  enron shares were trading at about six times the company ' s book value in late 2000 . by comparison , wall street brokerage firms typically trade at two or three times book value and hedge funds in effect are priced at book value .  among the pages of the 1999 report that mr . chanos marked with yellow post - it notes and scribbled comments was one detailing the related - party transactions . he underlined a sentence stating that one of enron ' s senior officers is the " managing member " of a private investment company with which enron had entered into a series of transactions . " we read the disclosure over and over and over again , and we just didn ' t understand it - - and we read footnotes for a living . " he says . but at the time , he concedes , " it was just an odd footnote to us . "  he started telephoning analysts at wall street firms to determine what aspects of the bulls ' case he was missing . what he heard excited him further . part of the bullishness focused on enron ' s strategy of trading broadband - network capacity . mr . chanos , who already had placed bearish bets on some telecommunications bandwidth providers , was convinced that the industry already suffered from overcapacity and that the situation would only get worse . his conclusion : if enron " couldn ' t see the looming train wreck coming in telecom , what else were they missing ? maybe they weren ' t as infallible in the energy area as people had thought . "  another warning signal was insider stock sales through the second half of 2000 , he says . that sat awkwardly with the common refrain from wall street analysts that investors had to just trust management given the difficulty of analyzing how earnings were derived . the company didn ' t immediately comment on the sales on friday .  " you look for patterns in my business , " says mr . chanos . " the fact that this was a ` trust me ' story , while management was voting with its feet was another check . while we didn ' t have a smoking gun , we certainly saw a reason to perhaps not trust management at its word that these earnings were what they said they were . "  those factors led mr . chanos to begin shorting the stock in late november of last year , when it was fluctuating between $ 65 and $ 80 ; he won ' t provide details . overall , the level of short interest , or short - selling positions not yet closed out , on enron shares jumped 2 . 2 million shares to 7 . 9 million shares for the month through mid december , from the same period in the previous month .  as other red flags surfaced , in february mr . chanos and other short sellers significantly ramped up the bearish positions . mr . chanos first discussed his view of enron with those outside the firm that month in miami , where he hosted his annual " bears in hibernation " conference . attendees bring two ideas to present , and one of his was enron .  with enron ' s stock trading at $ 72 at that time , or roughly 40 times 2001 ' s per - share earnings estimates , " the market is priced for perfection here , " mr . chanos told the 25 or so attendees , " whereas it looks like things may be anything but . "  back in new york , mr . chanos arranged a second round of sessions with bullish analysts . " here ' s our thesis , " he told them . " what are we missing ? "  mr . chanos came out of those meetings with a " heightened conviction that we were right . " for one thing , he sensed frustration brewing about the level of trust required with enron .  as the spring progressed , mr . chanos became increasingly confident , adding to his short position . on a widely reported conference call in april , jeffrey skilling , then enron ' s chief executive , responded to another short seller ' s criticism that enron hadn ' t provided a balance sheet by calling him an " ah . " for the first time , " i got a sense that the company was now getting tough questions and was not happy about it , " mr . chanos says .  for their part , wall street analysts argue that they have limited time and resources for the in - depth research that mr . chanos prefers . many cover dozens of companies . still , some say they have learned lessons from enron ' s fall from grace . salomon smith barney analyst raymond niles , for one , says he will " pursue warning signs relentlessly and go by gut instinct " when he senses a looming problem . says mr . niles , who covers enron : " i think shorts play a very valuable role in the market , reminding us of what can go wrong . "  ( see related article : " auditor could face scrutiny on clarity of financial reports " - - wsj nov . 5 , 2001 )  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  what enron ' s financial reports did - - and didn ' t - - reveal - - - auditor could face scrutiny on clarity of financial reports  by jonathan weil  staff reporter of the wall street journal  11 / 05 / 2001  the wall street journal  cl  ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . )  as enron corp . ' s independent auditor , arthur andersen llp has the job of making sure the houston energy trader ' s financial statements not only are accurate and complete in all material respects , but also are understandable .  now for the really tricky part : understandable to whom ?  for andersen , this isn ' t just an academic question . once again , the accounting practices of one of the big five firm ' s most prized clients have come under intense scrutiny from regulators and shareholders . questions could well turn to whether andersen fulfilled its obligation to protect investors ' interests . and an important focus is likely to be whether andersen should have required enron to better explain its dealings with partnerships run by former chief financial officer andrew s . fastow before agreeing to bless the company ' s financial statements .  enron revealed last month , in a conference call , that its shareholder equity had fallen by $ 1 . 2 billion during the third quarter as a result of transactions in which a partnership controlled by mr . fastow was at least at times involved , fueling a steep dive in the stock price amid growing concerns about the company ' s financial health . many wall street analysts , including die - hard enron bulls , long have grumbled that parts of enron ' s financial statements are indecipherable .  " the heart of disclosure is intelligibility , " says alan bromberg , a professor of securities law at southern methodist university in dallas . " if the people to whom it ' s addressed can ' t understand it , it hasn ' t been adequately disclosed . there ' s clearly a qualitative , as well as a factual , component to disclosure . "  under generally accepted accounting principles , the rules for disclosing related - party transactions seem straightforward enough . among other things , companies must describe the " information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements . " but the nation ' s accounting - standard setters never have offered any clear guidance on whether companies ' disclosures should be understandable to a broad audience or merely to financially sophisticated individuals with specialized training . and even sophisticated investors are prone to being stumped now and then .  to be sure , the adequacy of a company ' s related - party disclosures can be determined only when all the information about the transactions is out in the open . for its part , enron - - which is hardly the only large energy company with complex partnership dealings - - maintains its off - balance - sheet transactions were legal and properly disclosed . " they comply with reporting requirements , " says enron spokeswoman karen denne , adding that andersen was aware of the transactions and reviewed them . " to the extent that an investor doesn ' t understand them , they are able to ask questions . " and in the end , she notes , investors who didn ' t understand the transactions didn ' t have to buy enron stock .  enron ' s disclosure practices stand out , however , because they have been a source of complaints for so long . even some top - flight accounting professors say they can ' t make heads or tails of the company ' s transactions with mr . fastow or enron ' s motives for entering them . if they can ' t figure them out , it raises the question of whether any outsider could .  one thing is certain : the stakes for andersen could be high . since enron ' s disclosure of the reduction in shareholder equity , its stock has plunged 67 % to $ 11 . 30 as of 4 p . m . in new york stock exchange composite trading friday - - a drop that wipes $ 20 billion off the company ' s market value and potentially exposing enron and andersen to massive shareholder liability . already , enron ' s dealings with the partnerships are the subject of a formal investigation by the securities and exchange commission . that creates the possibility that andersen itself could become a focus of the probe at some point , should regulators find enron ' s accounting and disclosure practices deficient . meanwhile , the law firm for a special committee set up by enron ' s board has hired accounting firm deloitte & touche llp to help review the partnerships ' activities .  an andersen spokesman , david tabolt , says the firm " will continue to cooperate with [ enron ' s ] special committee , lawyers and accounting advisers " and " will also cooperate with other official investigations as requested . " so far , he says , the sec hasn ' t told andersen it is a subject of the enron probe . beyond that , he declines to comment on enron , citing client - confidentiality obligations .  how murky are the related - party disclosures in enron ' s audited financial statements ? here is a summary of a section in enron ' s 2000 year - end financial statements describing certain transactions with the fastow - operated partnerships . the company said it transferred assets valued at $ 1 . 2 billion , including $ 150 million in notes payable , 3 . 7 million restricted enron shares and the right to receive as many as 18 million enron common shares in march 2003 , subject to certain conditions . it also transferred to the partnerships other assets valued at $ 309 million , including a $ 50 million note payable and " an investment in an entity that indirectly holds warrants convertible into common stock of an enron equity method investee . "  in return , enron said it received " economic interests in the entities , " $ 309 million in notes receivable and an additional $ 1 . 2 billion in notes receivable as part of a " special distribution . " the disclosure went on to mention a series of purchases by enron of " share - settled options from the entities " on shares of enron common stock .  the raw numbers may all be there . but " any objective person would be hard pressed to understand the effects of these disclosures on the financial statements , " says douglas carmichael , an accounting professor at baruch college in new york . " the quality of the disclosure is low , which creates uncertainty about the quality of their accounting . "  further , he says , enron ' s explanation of why it entered the transactions " seems to defy imagination . " in the year - end financial statement , enron said the purpose was " to hedge certain merchant investments and other assets , " a category that includes energy assets whose values are prone to wide price fluctuations . yet the disclosure shows that enron chose to use shares and options of its own stock as its chief hedging instrument , even though their price movements wouldn ' t appear to be directly related to the value of the investments enron was trying to hedge .  " i don ' t see how that possibly hedges any of enron ' s risks or assets , " mr . carmichael says . indeed , the disclosures have given rise to widespread speculation that enron ' s actual purpose was to use its off - balance - sheet transactions to shift losses off its books to avoid running them through its income statement . asked whether that was enron ' s purpose , ms . denne declines to comment . she says enron stands by its earlier statement that enron was trying to hedge certain investments .  to date , andersen hasn ' t been named as a defendant in any of the numerous shareholder lawsuits filed against enron , which paid andersen $ 52 million last year , including $ 25 million in audit fees . enron ' s woes come during a year already filled with embarrassments for andersen . in june , the sec fined andersen and three partners $ 7 million over their audits of waste management inc . ' s financial statements , the largest sec fine ever against an accounting firm . andersen , which neither admitted nor denied the sec ' s fraud allegations , paid $ 75 million in 1998 to settle its portion of a shareholder lawsuit over the houston - based garbage hauler . also this year , without admitting wrongdoing , andersen agreed to pay $ 110 million to settle a shareholder lawsuit over audits it conducted for sunbeam corp .  ( see related article : " heard on the street : enron short seller detected red flags in regulatory filings " - - wsj nov . 5 , 2001 )  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  enron offers only questions  by james j . cramer  realmoney . com  11 / 05 / 2001 08 : 10 am est  url :  the journalists on this enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) story seem oblivious to the big issue here : why did enron need to do the partnerships in the first place ?  that , to me , is the issue - - because the only reason you would set up all of these " perfectly legal " partnerships , as they keep calling them down there , is to hide something .  what would they be trying to hide ? let ' s step aside for a second and ask a few hypotheticals .  if you had information about how a market was doing , you might want to do something with that information that you didn ' t want anyone to know about . for example , let ' s say you had access to all of the trading information about where electricity was going - - you had access to the grid - - you might be able to take advantage of that information with an off - book partnership . you would need that off - book partnership because you wouldn ' t want any of those people from whom you took the data thinking that you were taking advantage of those data .  or if you knew that a market was about to be squeezed upward and you wanted to facilitate that squeeze , you could buy electricity and keep it from , say , california , until rates went up , and then dump it in california once the squeeze was complete .  or you might just want to make a few bucks on the side that you didn ' t want to share with shareholders and you needed to have something special , something hidden from shareholders , to make those few bucks .  or the parent company didn ' t know anything about these partnerships , and the people running them were just living large without much oversight .  or the parent company was worried about its credit rating , so it wanted to hide debt .  i don ' t know , can someone come up with better reasons you would do this ? i can ' t . can someone come up with something that ' s not nefarious ?  please email me .  i want to know why anyone would do this , a good reason that we would all appreciate as shareholders .  companies & finance international - unions seek reform at enron .  by sheila mcnulty .  11 / 05 / 2001  financial times  ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved  the afl - cio , a federation of us trade unions , is calling for sweeping governance reform measures at enron , the embattled energy trader , to restore investor confidence amid a probe by federal regulators into its finances .  " america ' s working families are significant shareholders of enron stock through their pension , health and welfare benefit funds , " said the afl - cio , which is the american federation of labor and congress of industrial organizations .  the union - sponsored funds under the afl - cio , which represents 13 m americans , hold 3 . 1 m enron shares . the amalgamated bank , the trustee of long view funds , which holds 251 , 304 enron shares , has also joined in the call for corporate reform . those funds are investment trusts managing equity assets on behalf of workers ' pension funds .  the two were the first big shareholders to make demands on enron since the crisis of confidence in the company began on october 16 with the surprise disclosure of a $ 1 . 2 bn balance sheet adjustment .  they said the mandate of the special committee , created by enron ' s board to examine the transactions in question and liaise with the securities and exchange commission during its investigation , was too narrow .  they want the committee to examine all transactions with entities in which enron employees or directors have an interest , adopt procedures for reviewing insider participation in investments , start an extraordinary review of executive compensation , adopt a stricter definition of director independence and , finally , disclose director conflicts of interest .  ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved .  http : / / www . ft . com .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  usa : enron made $ 35 mln purchase from co run by officer - wsj .  11 / 05 / 2001  reuters english news service  ( c ) reuters limited 2001 .  new york , nov 5 ( reuters ) - enron corp . made a $ 35 million purchase from an entity run by a company officer , raising new questions about financial dealings with its management , the wall street journal reported in its online edition on monday .  the report comes as the former wall street high flyer faces a full - scale probe by u . s . regulators into questionable financial dealings and as the company ' s market value has fallen by more than $ 17 billion in less than three weeks .  the journal said the enron officer involved in the transaction was michael kopper , a former managing director of the company ' s enron north america unit , and that the company receiving the money was chewco investments lp .  it said that kopper was an associate of andrew fastow , the company ' s former chief financial officer who has been linked to transactions now under investigation by government regulators .  in 1999 , the two set up a private partnership known as ljm 2 co - investment lp , which was involved in billions of dollars of transactions with enron , according to private - partnership documents and company sec filings , the paper said .  chewco is mentioned in a brief biography of kopper that is part of a 1999 offering memorandum for the ljm 2 partnership , the journal said .  the document said kopper , besides being a " principal " of ljm 2 , " manages the general partner of chewco , an investment fund with approximately $ 400 million in capital commitments that was established in 1997 to purchase from enron an interest in a defined pool of enron assets . "  the paper said kopper didn ' t return phone calls seeking comment . enron officials wouldn ' t discuss the transaction , the paper said .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  enron made 35 mln usd purchase from entity run by officer of company - report  11 / 05 / 2001  afx news  ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd  washington ( afx ) - enron corp in march made a 35 mln usd purchase from an entity run by a company officer , the wall street journal reported .  the payment appears to have been the last step in a series of transactions that allowed the company to keep hundreds of millions of dollars of debt off its balance sheet for the past three years , the newspaper said .  based in interviews with others familiar with the matter , extracts from enron sec filings and private partnership documents , the enron officer involved in the transaction was michael kopper , a former managing director of the enron north america unit .  the entity receiving the 35 mln usd was chewco investments lp . it wasn ' t clear from the available information what form the payment took or what , if any , gain chewco or kopper realized .  kopper , who a company spokesman says left enron in july , was an associate of andrew fastow , the company ' s chief financial officer until last month .  they set up and subsequently ran the ljm 2 co - investment lp private partnership , which was involved in billions of dollars of transactions with enron , according to official filings .  enron officials , who have said repeatedly that all their actions were legal and properly disclosed , declined to discuss the 35 mln usd transaction .  jms for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  enron transaction with entity run by executive raises questions  11 / 05 / 2001  dow jones business news  ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones as of june 30 , it had $ 63 . 4 billion .  messrs . kopper and fastow had " extensive involvement in the organization , investment activity and operations " of jedi , according to the 1999 ljm 2 private - offering memorandum . jedi invested $ 2 . 1 billion in 63 separate transactions , the document said . after accounting for jedi ' s $ 500 million in equity , this indicates the partnership borrowed as much as $ 1 . 6 billion .  copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc .  all rights reserved .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  financial post : news  enron may have to sell assets  reuters  11 / 05 / 2001  national post  national  fp 3  ( c ) national post 2001 . all rights reserved .  new york - struggling energy giant enron corp . may have to sell power plants , pipelines and even some of its energy trading assets as it seeks to head off a credit crunch and restore investor confidence , investment bankers said yesterday .  while houston - based enron lined up us $ 1 - billion of new credit last thursday , it still suffered a second credit rating cut amid concerns about questionable financial transactions that have triggered an investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission .  the deteriorating picture , including a drop of almost 70 % in its share price in less than a month , has close watchers of the company saying it will probably have to break itself up if it is to stay independent .  " it will have to refocus on its core strengths and get out of other businesses , " said one investment banker close to enron .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  enron ' s indian unit serves asset transfer notice to mseb  11 / 05 / 2001  dow jones international news  ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 91 - 11 - 461 - 9426 ; himendra . kumar @ dowjones . com  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  uk : u . s . stocks edge higher in europe , futures firm .  11 / 05 / 2001  reuters english news service  ( c ) reuters limited 2001 .  london , nov 5 ( reuters ) - u . s . shares edged higher in european trade on monday and index futures pointed to a higher opening on wall street amid expectations of a rate cut this week .  the december futures of the tech - heavy nasdaq composite rose 14 points to 1 , 446 . 5 by 1200 gmt and the equivalent s & p 500 contract was up 4 . 9 points 1 , 094 . 4 .  " we have seen some buying interest this morning , the futures are higher and we are looking for a higher opening on wall street , " said one dealer in london .  investors were betting the federal reserve would cut interest rates by another half a point at its meeting on tuesday in a bid to support the weakening economy .  struggling energy giant enron corp . stood at $ 11 . 65 , having fallen six percent on friday to $ 11 . 27 . on sunday , the uk ' s independent reported that energy giant royal dutch / shell group may mount an $ 11 billion bid for enron .  investment bankers said enron may have to sell power plants , pipelines and even some of its energy trading assets as it seeks to head off a credit crunch and restore investor confidence .  cisco systems inc . , which makes the networking gear which helps power the internet , rose to $ 17 . 75 from a close of $ 17 . 26 .  sun microsystems inc . edged up to $ 11 . 65 from $ 11 . 44 .  stocks were little changed in after - hours trading on friday amid a dearth of earnings news , after blue - chip stocks rose in the regular session as investors looked past huge job losses and bet on a recovery next year .  stericycle inc . rose to $ 49 . 90 after - hours from a close at $ 49 . 01 on the nasdaq after the medical waste management provider reported a rise in its third - quarter net profit .  networking equipment makers such as juniper networks had dropped sharply on news that the voice and data services firm qwest communications international inc . halted work on its network , analysts said .  the dow jones industrial average rose 0 . 64 percent to end at 9 , 323 . 54 . the tech - heavy nasdaq composite fell 0 . 03 percent to 1 , 745 . 73 .  the national association of purchasing management releases its october non - manufacturing index at 1500 gmt . economists in a reuters survey on average forecast a reading of 45 . 9 versus 50 . 2 in september .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  bg : technically qualified to operate enron india fields  11 / 05 / 2001  dow jones energy service  ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . )  singapore - ( dow jones ) - u . k . oil and gas company bg group plc ( brg ) reiterated monday its claim for operator status of the indian upstream assets of enron corp . ( ene ) , saying it was best qualified due to its upstream technical experience .  bg paid us $ 388 million for enron ' s 30 % stake in oil and gas fields offshore western india in october , but the sale is subject to a number of consents and conditions including confirmation from enron and gas india ' s joint venture partners - oil 65 - 415 - 4066 ; sri . jegarajah @ dowjones . com  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  uk press : us unions call for corp reform at enron  11 / 05 / 2001  dow jones international news  ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 44 ( 0 ) 20 7842 9320  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  india : enron ' s india lenders to discuss $ 2 . 9 bln project .  11 / 05 / 2001  reuters english news service  ( c ) reuters limited 2001 .  bombay , nov 5 ( reuters ) - lenders to an indian power plant that is majority - owned by troubled enron corp will meet in singapore with the u . s . energy giant to discuss the $ 2 . 9 billion project , a banking source said on monday .  houston - based enron is seeking to head off a credit crunch and restore investor confidence , damaged after its credit rating was cut and u . s . authorities began investigating its financial transactions .  the meeting in singapore this weekend will examine offers that two indian companies have put forward to buy enron ' s 65 percent stake in dabhol power company ( dpc ) , which is building the controversial project , the banking source told reuters .  " the meeting will gauge the interest of the two bidders , " the source said .  enron has been in talks with tata power , india ' s largest private electricity firm , and bses ltd about selling the stake , a deal in the works well before the recent crisis of confidence .  bses and tata power officials were not immediately available for comment .  enron ' s assets in dabhol are estimated to be worth $ 870 million , analysts said .  who blinks first  " it is a matter of who blinks first , " said one banker familiar with the negotiations . " but given enron ' s recent troubles , we expect them to sell at a substantial discount . "  sources at the lending banks told reuters enron was willing to sell its holding in dabhol power at a 10 to 15 percent discount .  an enron spokesman said he was unable to comment .  but in august , houston - based enron said it and its foreign partners were ready to sell their stakes in dabhol for no less than $ 1 . 0 billion , an amount said to be sufficient to cover their costs and direct financial investment in the project .  enron ' s deteriorating position , including a drop of almost 70 percent it is share price in less than a month , has close watchers of the company saying it will probably have to break itself up if it is to stay independent .  analysts say that while enron had lined up $ 1 billion in credit last thursday , it may have to sell power plants , pipelines and some of its energy trading assets . the company could also be the object of a takeover bid .  bitter dispute  the first phase of the controversial 2 , 184 mw dabhol power plant , india ' s largest foreign direct investment , has been completed . but work on the second phase was abruptly stopped in june following a bitter dispute between enron and the plant ' s sole buyer , a loss - making indian utility .  the meeting in singapore will take place a few days before the expiry of enron ' s six - month notice to the utility expressing its intention to terminate the power purchase agreement .  this contract governs the terms of the sale of power by dabhol to the state - run maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) , the nearly bankrupt power distribution monoply in the state where the plant is located .  after november 19 , enron will be entitled - under the terms of the contract - to submit the dispute to binding arbitration by the international court of arbitration in london .  u . s . conglomerate general electric and construction firm bechtel corp each own 10 percent in the project , with the remaining 15 percent held by mseb .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  enron starts valuing india unit , claim for canceled power pact  2001 - 11 - 05 06 : 31 ( new york )  enron starts valuing india unit , claim for canceled power pact  mumbai , nov . 5 ( bloomberg ) - - dabhol power co . , which runs  enron corp . ' s $ 3 billion power plant , said it started valuing its  assets to assess a claim for cancellation of a sales contract with  the maharashtra state electricity board because of unpaid bills .  enron on may 19 issued the first notice to cancel the power  supply contract with the board in six months unless the bills were  paid . the deadline ends on nov . 19 .  enron owns 65 percent of dabhol power , india ' s biggest  foreign investment . it wants to exit the venture as it ' s owed $ 64  million by the board , its sole customer , in bills not paid for ten  months . the board in may stopped buying the power , saying it was  too expensive .  ` ` dpc is left with little choice other than to serve the  transfer notice to mseb , which draws us closer to final  termination of the power purchase agreement and the ultimate  recovery of damages , ' ' the company said in a statement .  the so - called asset transfer notice starts a process of  valuing dabhol ' s assets and is followed by cancellation of the  power supply contract .  enron began looking to sell its stake after a government -  appointed panel of negotiators failed to get other buyers for the  plant ' s power . enron has invested $ 875 million in the project and  has offered to sell its stake to the government at cost .  industrial development bank of india and other local banks ,  which have lent $ 1 . 4 billion to the project , have begun looking  for a buyer for the plant . they are at greatest risk if enron  pulls out as their loans aren ' t guaranteed by the federal  government .  general electric capital and the closely held bechtel group  together own 20 percent of dabhol , while the electricity board  owns the remaining 15 percent .  - - ravil shirodkar in the mumbai newsroom ( 91 - 22 ) 233 - 9029  enron in talks to sell 50 % stake in korean gas unit ( update 3 )  2001 - 11 - 05 02 : 57 ( new york )  enron in talks to sell 50 % stake in korean gas unit ( update 3 )  ( adds analyst ' s comments in fourth paragraph , closes shares  in final paragraph . )  seoul , nov . 5 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , which has lost more  than 86 percent of its market value this year , is in talks to sell  its half stake in a natural gas joint venture with sk corp . , an  official of korea ' s top oil refiner said .  the official , who declined to be named , said talks had taken  place since at least august . he wouldn ' t give details . enron said  in 1998 the gas distribution venture with sk would have a  capitalization of about $ 450 million . enron officials weren ' t  immediately available to comment .  the world ' s largest energy trader is facing difficulties  raising cash after the u . s . securities and exchange commission  started investigating partnerships run by its former chief  financial officer and its long - term credit rating was cut by  standard & poor ' s to the second - lowest investment grade , or  ` ` bbb , ' ' from ` ` bbb + . ' '  ` ` enron will probably sell its korean operations at a loss  because of its financial problems , ' ' said lee kwang hoon , an  analyst at good morning securities co . in seoul . enron ' s  difficulties raising funds may prompt it to pull out of all of its  overseas ventures except for china , he said .  goldman sachs group inc . refused to participate in a $ 1  billion loan to enron because it was unwilling to risk its capital  on a client with falling credit ratings that has been using its  investment - banking services less often , according to people  familiar with the matter .  enron selected goldman sachs to manage negotiations to sell  its korean gas assets , and sent ` ` investment guide letters ' ' to  companies that may be interested , korea oil news reported today ,  citing people it didn ' t name . foreign companies that are  interested include el paso corp . , bp plc and exxon mobil corp . ,  the report said .  as sk has a preferential right to negotiate for the stake , it  may buy back enron ' s share , the report cited an unnamed sk  official as saying .  enron plans to receive letters of intent from interested  companies by the end of november , and conclude the sale by the end  of this year or early next year , the report said . korea oil news  is published by state - run korea national oil corp .  sk corp . shares rose 300 won , or 2 . 6 percent , to 12 , 000 .  enron ' s shares on friday fell 69 cents , or 5 . 6 percent , to $ 11 . 30 .  - - youngsam cho at ycho 2 @ bloomberg . net in seoul ( 822 ) 3702 - 1639 / rb
HAM Subject: re : greatwood gas  thanks , kyle .  greatwood is scheduled to come online on feb 1 . the connection only includes  gw , as rosenberg is not ready yet . so , gw would be about 500 / d . when rb comes  online , we may see volumes of about 1500 - 2000 / dy  ami
HAM Subject: 10 % off ! our gift to you !  [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] sears . com [ image ] gifts for your family from sears [ image ] sears customer appreciation sale take 10 % off everything * , even sale prices ! save an additional 10 % on everything * , even low sale prices ! this is your time to shop , literally ! four days only ? wednesday , october 31 through saturday , november 3 . [ image ] 10 % off everything [ image ] [ image ] sears . com where else ? [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] click to shop now ! [ image ] appliances appliances electronics electronics fitness & recreation fitness & recreation [ image ] computers & office computers & office tools tools lawn & garden lawn & garden [ image ] baby me babyme housewares housewares jewelry & watches jewelry & watches [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] wishbook [ image ] hurry in to wishbook . com and save 10 % * * thru 11 / 3 ! [ image ] room for kids optical [ image ] now through november 6 take 10 % * * * off any order at searsroomforkids . com - the best place to shop for all things kids ! $ 99 . 99 eyeglasses . any prescription . hundreds of frames available . to take advantage of this special offer from sears optical click here ! [ image ] * offer valid 10 / 31 ? 11 / 3 only . savings off regular , sale and clearance prices apply to merchandise only . not valid on exceptional values , outlet store purchases , catalog orders , shop at home catalog websites , calphalon  , bose  , maytag  , gemini ? , neptune ? and neptune superstack ? , maytag  wide by side ? , swiss army , casio wrist camera , introductory offers , special purchases , bf goodrich at / ko tires , automotive services , hearing aids , optical exam fees , licensed businesses , license business websites , ? sears presents ? websites , repair services , parts , installed home improvements and maintenance agreements . don ? t worry , your discount will appear on your order confirmation page . * * save 10 % off any order placed on wishbook . com through 11 / 3 / 01 . telephone orders are not included . discount applies to merchandise only , not shipping and handling or taxes . may not be used with other discounts or offers . * * * valid through november 6 , 2001 . telephone and mail orders are not included . discount applies to merchandise only , not shipping and handling or taxes . enter coupon code seml 03 when you check out to receive this discount . if you would no longer like to receive e - mailed special events information , sales notifications , or other messages from sears . com , please click here and follow the " unsubscribe " instructions . or reply to this email with " unsubscribe " in the subject line . your e - mail address will be removed within 5 business days from our email marketing list . thank you ! [ image ]  message - id :  [ image ]
HAM Subject: hpl status  the attached memo summarizes the status of the hpl transaction . please call  me with any questions .  regards ,  brian
HAM Subject: update on el paso acquisiton of old valero and teco systems  el paso closer to acquiring pg & e ' s texas assets  el paso energy corp . is closer to acquiring pg & e corp . ' s texas gathering and  liquids businesses for about $ 840 million in stock and debt after signing a  consent agreement earlier this week . the deal includes 8 , 500 miles of natural  gas transmission pipelines that transport about 2 . 8 bcf / d , nine processing  plants that process 1 . 5 bcf / d , and a 7 . 2 bcf natural gas storage field .  pg & e national energy group bought the properties about three years ago from  valero energy and teco for $ 1 . 02 billion , but had been unable to turn a  profit . when it purchased the properties , pg & e paid a premium price to enter  the west - east gas transportation market . however , since the sale , the basis  between waha in west texas and katy and the houston ship channel has  tightened and pg & e could not overcome the roadblocks to become a major  player .  the assets , which also include significant natural gas liquids pipelines and  fractionation facilities , serve all of texas ' major metropolitan areas , large  industrial load centers and several natural gas trading hubs . the book value  before the sale to el paso was estimated to be between $ 2 . 5 billion and $ 2 . 7  billion .  before buying pg & e ' s assets , el paso was already an experienced player in the  liquids game . when the deal was first announced , el paso said that 70 % of the  cash flow generated by the texas assets came from stable fee - based activities  with the balance from processing . el paso , which is close to completing a  merger with the coastal corp . , expects to actively manage the risk on the  non - fee - based side .  as part of the normal review process , the consent agreement signed this week  is subject to the approval of the federal trade commission . el paso also has  to finalize a similar agreement with the state of texas . once the agreements  are approved , el paso energy expects to close the transaction in the fourth  quarter .  - -
HAM Subject: from your clerk . its been great !  i just wanted to let you all know that i really enjoyed working with you all . it has been a pleasure and a ton of fun to work for such great people . i hope to stay in contact with you and please keep hold of my email address and resume for anything you may see a need for in the future . also if you wouldnt mind being a reference for me it would be greatly appreciated and you can email me your information .  thanks again ,  jason  jpanos @ houston . rr . com
HAM Subject: re : txu fuel for december  here ' s the sheet . i ' ve moved around volumes in order to keep the enron  contract whole . please call if you have any questions .  thanks ,  ami  3 - 9272  joanie h ngo @ ect  01 / 06 / 2000 10 : 57 am  to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : txu fuel for december  ami - when you are done , please send me the allocation spreadsheet . thank  you .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joanie h ngo / hou / ect on 01 / 06 / 2000 10 : 56  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  daren j farmer  01 / 05 / 2000 03 : 32 pm  to : joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : txu fuel for december  ami chokshi will be sending this to you once it is finalized .  d  joanie h ngo  01 / 05 / 2000 02 : 28 pm  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : txu fuel for december  pls . send me spreadsheet if you have it . thanks .
HAM Subject: eol meeting on reg issues associated w / bid / offer deals on eol  eb 49 c 2  kevin hyatt / hou / ees wants you to attend a meeting .  on 08 / 08 / 2000 02 : 30 : 00 pm cdt  for 2 hours  with : kevin hyatt / hou / ees ( chairperson )  lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron ( invited )  michelle lokay / et & s / enron ( invited )  tk lohman / et & s / enron ( invited )  eol meeting on reg issues associated w / bid / offer deals on eol eb 49 c 2
HAM Subject: update - sap / unify - major open issues & late requirements  impacting overall schedules  the attached spreadsheet is updated from tuesday ' s meeting with the action  item in blue .  major open issues & late requirements impacting overall schedule  unify , sap , or business change requirements  there will be a follow - up meeting tomorrow , thursday , 4 : 00 pm , eb 2626 , unless  the room needs to change .  changes , updates , please email myself , chris , or jeff johnson .  regan smith  x 39291
HAM Subject: candidate contact information  dear team members :  please disregard the list from my previous e - mail . the telephone  numbers / majors were not sorted with the candidate names . the following list  contains the correct contact information for our candidates . i apoligize for  the inconvenience .  thank you ,  lexi  3 - 4585
HAM Subject: fw : bridgeline payables and receivables  fyi  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : gruesen , karen  sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 1 : 18 pm  to : mrha , jean  cc : whiting , greg ; hernandez , ana maria  subject : bridgeline payables and receivables  jean ,  i have attached a schedule that i put together this morning regarding the payables and receivables with bridgeline . these are all of the items that i am aware of at this time .  there are a couple of points from trevor ' s e - mail to brian that i do not agree with . the schedule provided by bridgeline on the ces commission shows outstanding $ 700 , 000 , not the $ 800 , 000 that trevor stated . if september , 2001 is included in his number , it still would be just $ 750 , 000 . also , the amount owed on the pad gas btu conversion is $ 266 , 317 , not $ 274 , 000 . trevor also did not include some of the administrative expenses that bridgeline still owes , it comes to $ 55 , 587 . on the attached schedule , i show that bridgeline owes enron , net , $ 388 , 524 , not $ 226 , 000 .  as i stated earlier , the ces commission payment was coming from bryce baxter ' s group . i am scheduled to talk to the accounting lead for his group this afternoon to find out what has been happening with these payments . i will keep you posted as to what i find out .  at this time , i am not able to confirm the items that trevor included on his schedule . these items were not to be invoiced from this group , so i will have to research further . i have put those items in blue on the schedule .  my comment this morning that what was outstanding with bridgeline was small was based on the items that my group bills out monthly , which would be the $ 9 , 054 disputed amount on the attached schedule . at the time we spoke , i did not realize the significant dollars that trevor claims to owe . we will research these items to see what needs to occur .  please contact me at ext . 36571 with any questions .  thanks ,  karen
HAM Subject: hpl meter # 981052 pasadena plant phillips hpl  daren :  during the period of 11 / 10 / 99 through 11 / 11 / 99 , the above meter recorded flow  of 1 , 613 mmbtus . there was no deal at this meter the month prior or after .  currently , logistic has these volumes recorded to hpl strangers gas  contract . in order to correct this , hpl logistics needs either a deal to  record these volumes which have flowed into hpl ' s pipeline or logistics needs  approval to write - off these volumes to unaccounted for gas . ( please print ,  sign , and return original to clem cernosek ) .  approval to write - off the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss  or  deal / deal ticket # / customer ( buyer / seller )  thanks , clem
HAM Subject: lme turnovers fall , long - established trend halted - reuters ( eol  mention )  uk :  lme turnovers fall , long - established trend halted .  07 / 03 / 2001  reuters english news service  ( c ) reuters limited 2001 .  london , july 3 ( reuters ) - first - half volumes on the london metal exchange  ( lme ) fell nearly 16 percent from year - ago levels amid signs that years of  rising turnover on the world ' s largest non - ferrous metals market may be coming  to an end .  traders said this year had seen volumes affected by the general downturn in  global economies , weakening prices and the knock - on impact of electronic  screen trading .  " the problem is the general conditions that are prevailing at the moment - we  are seeing recessionary signs that are dampening the market . it is cyclical ,  and that is the worry because the cycle is lasting some time , " one said .  figures released on tuesday by the lme showed that total futures and options  turnover during jan / june 2001 fell to 29 . 899 million lots , down from a  jan / june 2000 level of 35 . 440 million .  traded options turnovers were significantly lower , falling to 1 . 481 million  lots from 2 . 784 million as reduced volatility deterred options interest .  although the lme derives much of its liquidity from speculators , the bulk of  its trade comes from the metals industry - hedging and price protection .  " there is consumer and producer business around , but they are very selective  at the moment , " another trader said .  whether the trend continued throughout the year amd marked a sea - change after  some 10 years of almost uninterrupted volume growth may depend on market  conditions improving .  most of this year has seen prices progressively weaker , with copper recently  at its lowest since july 1999 , zinc and tin at levels last seen nearly eight  years ago , lead at a 12 - month low - point and nickel and aluminium at two - month  lows .  although prices have been softer , there have been occasions when tightness has  prevailed in some markets , lifting spot premiums , but these do not generate  trades .  " these squeezes that have taken place this year in copper , aluminium and tin  in particular have not helped , " the second trader said .  when the market moves from contango , when nearby prices are cheaper than  forward , into backwardation , which is the opposite , hedging dries up .  the last year has also seen electronic trading take off , with competitors such  as enron online and spectron metals grabbing business . the lme has also  sanctioned and launched its own system - known as lme select .  these still trade lme contracts , so the turnovers are not directly hit , but  screen - trading itself may be a factor .  " in some ways the screens , whoever they belong to , may be the problem , " one  said .  " in the old days , you used to talk to people more , get a feel for the market ,  and take a punt . not so much now - the big boys still chat , but not as much ,  and with the screens it is almost a ' matched bargain ' situation , " he said .  folder name : enron reuters folder  relevance score on scale of 100 : 83  to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . )  copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved
HAM Subject: hpl nom for july 13 , 2000  ( see attached file : hplo 713 . xls )  - hplo 713 . xls
HAM Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure  start date : 12 / 11 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .
HAM Subject: winter driving  please see the attached memo for tips on making your winter driving safer .
HAM Subject: gbn meeting , 09 april 2000  gbn steering committee meeting , 09 april 2000  may 17 th speaker - no sponsor .  we decided against having a cover charge and to use gbn funds . we felt a  cover might reduce attendance and wanted to keep the speaker series free for  attendees . a $ 10 cover wouldn ' t cover all of the expenses anyway and we felt  it would create a bad impression . deed vest of rockwell international has  confirmed availability for the date . carolyn is handling the set up .  september 20 th houston ' s economy panel  paul murphy , southwest bank of texas : confirmed with sponsorship  shirley delibero , metro : unconfirmed , should hear something this week  robert duncan , transwestern real estate : confirmed  harvey bunce , ut galveston med center : unconfirmed  technology : need someone . roger , any interest at compaq ?  energy : need someone . sally , any interest at enron ?  moderator : ut professor michael brandl , ph . d .  i will be contacting the tbn and see if they would also like to attend . this  will be a gbn event , but we will invite the tbn .  june 25 th astros night v . san francisco  according to chrissy , the plans include a ticket to the ? game , dinner at  zydeco ' s and a trolley ride from zydeco ' s to the new enron field . all this  for only $ 25 / person ! chrissy , if you have the info , let ' s try to get it on  the may 17 th event mailing .  summer 2000 family event  several members have expressed interest in a family event . chrissy and i are  looking into theater under the stars ( miller outdoor theater ) . gbn will buy  soft drinks and attendees will bring their own picnic dinner .  next meeting - sunday , may 7 th @ 4 : 30 pm at guadalajara - the weekend before  the deed vest event .  as you find out information for the events on which you are working , please  email chris and i to keep us up to date . thank you for your help . your work  is appreciated .  glenn .  - -  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? hook ' em * horns * ho  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? o ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? o  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? o ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? k  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? k ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? '  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ' ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? e  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? e ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? m  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? m ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? * h  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? * ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? orns * hook ' em * horns * hoo  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? h ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? k  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? o ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? '  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? nroh * me ' kooh * snr ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? glenn l . sprenger ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? e  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? s ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 444 e . medical center blvd . # 304 ? ? m  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? h ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? webster , tx 77598 - 4338 ? ? ? ? ? ? *  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? oo ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ( 281 ) 218 - 6598 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? h  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? k ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? sprenger @ alumni . utexas . net ? ? ? o  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ' e ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ns * ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? r  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? m * h or ? ? ? hoo ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ns  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? k ' ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? m * hor  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? em ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ok ' e  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? * ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ho  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ho ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? s *  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? rn ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? rn  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? s * ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ho  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ho ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? m *  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ok ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ' e  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ' e ? ? ? ? ? ? ok  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? m * h ? ? ? ? ? ho  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? orn ? s *
HAM Subject: walter o & g / superior april noms  tom ,  i recently received this nomination and the total package of gas for the  aforementioned changed as follows :  counterparty meter last nom latest nom chg .  walter o & g 9747 3 , 901 mmbtu / d 3 , 426 mmbtu / d ( 475 ) mmbtu / d  walter o & g 9787 1 , 604 mmbtu / d 1 , 713 mmbtu / d 109 mmbtu / d  walter o & g 9808 4 , 890 mmbtu / d 4 , 950 mmbtu / d 60 mmbtu / d  superior natural gas 9741 2 , 783 mmbtu / d 2 , 570 mmbtu / d ( 213 ) mmbtu / d  total change ( 519 ) mmbtu / d  i ' ve made the change in my spreadsheet .  vlt  x 3 - 6353
HAM Subject: start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ;  start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020416 . txt
HAM Subject: clickathome is coming soon !  want a new high speed computer ?  866 mhz pentium iii processor fast enough ?  want high speed internet ?  broadband ,  cable modem ,  dsl ,  satellite .  then get ready . . .  all eligible u . s . employees get innovative at home beginning march , 2001 .  go to http : / / clickathome . enron . com to learn more about the offerings .  non - u . s . eligible employees get innovative at home beginning late 2001 and  2002 .
HAM Subject: hot line request  joe , we would like to make an urgent request to have one of our staff persons  added to our hotline number 18000 . we have discussed this request on  numerous occasions , but have not been successful in any attempt .  would you please , at this time , please arrange to have michelle lokay ' s  extension , 57932 , roll over to the hotline number , 18000 .  when we spoke , you assured me that this would be handled . please call me on  ext . 35849 if you have any questions regarding this request .  again , we will need this handled today .  thanks in advance for your assistance ,  adr
HAM Subject: draft press release : enron to provide data to ngx  as part of the settlement of enron canada ' s lawsuit against ngx , they ( ngx ) are required to issue a press release . the draft of the release is attached . it is expected to be released at the end of the day on monday , april 30 or tuesday , may 1 .  please send any comments to me at your earliest convenience . if you have any questions , call me at ext . 3 - 9053 . thanks .  eric
