SPAM Subject: top notch purchases made easy  dear sir or madam ,  would you refinance if you knew you ' d save thousands ?  we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 1 . 92 % .  don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online questionaire and we ' ll show you how .  get the house / home and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 10 seconds of your time :  http : / / nebulaeroad . com / realtor /  best regards ,  andrew banks  no thanks : http : / / nebulaeroad . com / no /
SPAM Subject: lose up to 19 % weight . a new weightloss is here .  hello , i have a special offer for you . . .  want to lose weight ?  the most powerful weightloss is now available  without prescription . all natural adipren 720  100 % money back guarantée !  - lose up to 19 % total body weight .  - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting .  - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat .  - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin .  - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise .  - burns calorized fat .  - suppresses appetite for sugar .  - boost your confidence level and self esteem .  get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 : http : / / adiprenl 3 . com /  - - - - system information - - - -  widely category forethought string sender part though exchanged  replaced tax forethought submitted used part wants performing  information lives here reasonable provides disclose progress page  formats adapted one sort designing java regulatory no  patent problems default properties form dates display manner
SPAM Subject: smallcap cribsheet  investor alert - immediate release - investor alert  breakout forecast tuesday july 19 , 2005  ! ! ! ready to run ! ! ! [ running now ! ! ! ] ! ! ! big winner ! ! !  china world trade corp . cwtd china world trade corp .  current price : $ 2 . 31  projection 5 to 7 days : $ 4 . 50 - $ 5 . 00  projection 12 to 18 days : $ 6 . 00 - $ 8 . 00  see company president john hui interview with cnn asia  also look for new cnn interview re : tremendous 12 month company growth  completed ! ! ! ! forward plan to dominate china ' s travel industry . ( a chinese  expedia . com )  china world trade outbid ctrp on acquisition of new generation  southern china ' s largest travel company .  chairman tsang , formerly of gold lion holdings has taken the reins of cwtd  and continuing his record for success . cwtd is here to stay . read the news  china world trade corporation establishes international business center  to further enhance business services division  monday  guangzhou , china , july / xinhua - prnewswire - firstcall / - - china world trade  corporation ( otc bulletin board : cwtd - news ) announced today that the  international business center ( ibc ) has commenced operations on july 1 which  will support the international communication needed between the company ' s  corporate clients and members . additionally , ibc will assist in serving  china world trade corporation ' s premier club members with business travel  and other various corporate services . ibc aims to build up a strong platform  and play an important role in integrating the business resources of the  company ' s ceo clubs and world trade center clubs and to utilize new  generation ' s extensive travel network and operating system . ibc will also  help china world trade corporation enhance services available to the  company ' s clients with more comprehensive products such as the arrangement  of international business tours , destination intelligence , immigration , and  overseas investment consulting services .  ibc is a bridge linking china world trade and ceo clubs to penetrate the  business services market in china , said mr . william tsang , president and  chairman of china world trade corporation . we are confident that we will  become one of the pioneers in the business services industry in china . we  expect ibc to generate a new stream of revenue , from the amalgamation of our  tailor - made services in areas such as business consulting , immigration and  investments for our premium clients .  stoc : k is ready to rock ! ! ! !  company has already facilitated the money it need ' s to continue it ' s rapid  grow ! ! ! !  disclaimer :  information within this email contains forwardlooking statements within  the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of  the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve  discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs ,  plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or  performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward  looking statements . forward looking statements are based on  expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made  that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual  results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated .  forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use  of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates ,  estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating  certain actions may , could , or might occur . risk factors include  general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop  specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer  and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has  little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent  that the information contained in this message states all material facts or  does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not  misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to  investing , stoc : ks , securities must be understood as information provided and  not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers  and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities  representative before deciding to trade in stoc : ks featured within this  email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any  kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on  the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this  stoc : k . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .  the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .  subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or  investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section  17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred  thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or  affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an  inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the  fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party  that paid us has a position in the stoc : k they will sell at anytime without  notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stoc : k , causing  you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from  public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites  and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this  information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or  completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your  acceptance of these terms .  
SPAM Subject: more vv  want to know h furfur ow to save over 60 % on your piils ?  http : / / w postillion ww . pledelo . com - successfull and proven uncurtained way to s warship ave your money .  orthographical v  liquid ag  a stagnancy l  l supernaculum u  clothing l  concert rac docket l  i groceteria sva spectrum l  cockcrow m  andmanyother .  best pyaemia prlces .  high quaiit glazed y .  worldw soldiership ide shlpplng .  to invisible tal confidentiaiity .  2 underage 50 . 000 + satisfied customers .  have a nice horoscope day !
SPAM Subject: yw best teen porn klykyh  welcome to this new fantastic teen site choke - full with fresh exclusive  content . teen girls nowadays are not only young , fresh , gorgeous  and ever so hot , but also have enough sexual experience to show  class and temper . no shyness , embarrassment or stiffness - young  chicks produce top hardcore action .  free preview  
SPAM Subject: convenient refills for viagra - satisfaction guaranteed  chose place and time . it will do the rest .  http : / / zrfs . 3 i 6 w 743 eovltpm 3 . pedaryil . com  you have to be careful who you let define your good .  nature does not proceed by leaps .  only actions give life strength ; only moderation gives it a charm .
SPAM Subject: ( no subject )  copy any dvd movie using your cd  burner now !  copy dvd now makes it  possible to copy  dvd on cd - r using your computer ' s  cd burner .  you may now copy dvd movie with just one click .  we provide latest and easiest method that eliminates the  use  of conventional dvd copying equipments in dvd burning  process .  this method uses advanced dvd rippers .  copy dvd movies to cd - r ,  encode dvd  to vcd , svcd , xvcd or xsvcd and even create your own  chapters .  all you need is dvd  rom , cd burner and blank  cd ' s .  why spend thousands of  dollars on conventional  dvd copying equipment when you may burn and copy dvd ' s right from  your computer ' s  cd burner .  you  can copy any dvd to cd - you get manual and software  both  copy your dvd ( pal or ntsc ) to cd using your cd burner  make backup copy of dvd to cd - r or cd - rw  play movie from computer , computer to tv or on  any standard dvd player  make backup of your entire dvd collection  make vcd , svcd , xvcd or xsvcd in one click  only .  you may even fit entire dvd on one cd !  create chapters or time intervals on vcd or svcd  no need of having 6 - 8 gb free hard disk space !  what you get in the  package  our interactive manual will walk you through the entire  process of  copying dvd as vcd , svcd , xvcd or xsvcd .  you will be ripping dvd ' s and burning them to cd ' s like a  pro once  you have gone through this easy to follow manual . we have  also included  screenshots for additional clarity to use .  instant downloadable access to the software . stop waiting  for the product to arrive  in mail .  everything is provided to help you start copying your dvd ' s  right  away ! all you need to have is dvd rom , cd burner and few  blank cd ' s !  that ' s it . no dvd burner or dvd copying equipment is  required !  and that ' s not all ! if you buy it now you get free  updates  and upgrades for life ! plus other bonuses .  you get everything needed  to right  away start  copying and burning your dvd to cd .  instant download !  win 95 / 98 / me / nt / 2000 / xp compliant  limited time offer ! ! ! only  $ 39 . 95  to order the dvd burner right now for the super low price of only  $ 39 . 95  with a visa or mastercard ,  just fill out the order form below .  free  bonus # 1  buy  today and you get free updates for life !  if you buy our package now , we will provide you upgrades  and updates  to all future versions of copydvd now absolutely free ! !  this offer alone will save you tons of money for future  upgrades and  keep you updated with the technology .  a  real win win situation ! !  free  bonus # 2  introducing a new technology that  pc magazine calls " revolutionary " and the new york times  calls " ingenious . "  access  and control your pc from anywhere in the world  with almost any operating  system . begin working on your host computer as if you were  sitting  in front of it .  this  product is the cnet editors ' choice pick for remote  access , and they say  " you ' d be nuts not to sign up "  you get free 30 day trial when you buy our package of  copydvdnow today .  more info  join our mailing list to be first to know about fresh  quality  programs and utilities . our list includes selected , tested and  quality freeware , shareware and other software only .  * legal disclaimer *  it is illegal to make copies of copyright material for the purpose  of  selling it to third party . law provides you to make one back up  copy for  personal use . we do not encourage or promote piracy . this program  is not  meant for those who intend to break copy right law and indulge in  illegal  activities . this program serves merely as a guide to help end user  to  backup his personal dvd ' s . all applications suggested in this  package are  not sold as a part of this kit but are freeware and can be  downloaded for  free . by purchasing this package you agree to this disclaimer and  also  agree to use it in most ethical manner . you agree to waive all  liabilities  associated with this program to the provider and associates .  order today . . satisfaction is guaranteed or your money back !  only  $ 39 . 95 !  order  formipping  first name :  last name :  street address :  city , state , zip :  ,  company :  e - mail :  phone :  comments :  credit card type : ( vvvv wwww  xxxx yyyy zzzz )  visamastercard  card number :  expiration date :  3121 wkca 6 - 841 pmnzll 6
SPAM Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender  this is the postfix program at host dns . berrybros . net .  i ' m sorry to have to inform you that the message returned  below could not be delivered to one or more destinations .  for further assistance , please send mail to  if you do so , please include this problem report . you can  delete your own text from the message returned below .  the postfix program  : host mail . berrybros . net [ 63 . 231 . 182 . 59 ]  said : 550 user @ f - t - i . com not found .
SPAM Subject:   do you ejakulate before or after a _ few minutes of intercourse ?  then you have to read this important new info !  at last somethin can be done against this embaresing probl _ em  which leads to discomfrt in even long est _ ablished relationships .  if you have the balls to read on . . . come here .  no _ thnks -  
SPAM Subject: info missing medical details found 20 th january  time review - in - depth article regarding doctors  f * i * o - r - | _ c . e ^ t 40 m . gg 30 pllls 99 . 00 60 p ! lls 189 . 95 9 o pllls 239 . 0 o  get ! t now  same day shipplng  n _ a _ d . a  miss you  sharlene oakes  actuary  cathayan industries co . ltd , hangzhou 310012 , china , china  phone : 717 - 819 - 9377  mobile : 198 - 116 - 4771  email : wauhn @ audiomusica . com  this is a confirmation message  this freeware is a 39 decade definite software  notes :  the contents of this connection is for understanding and should not be museum basilisk  annulled apathy matthews  time : mon , 07 feb 2005 16 : 05 : 34 - 0800
SPAM Subject: vãlium and x . anax supersavings  sa ; ve 6 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day !  vi ! sit our site  and sa ! ve big  hugging nudge cottonwood apologia pep relinquish rivulet median stump tudor abramson sideway rescue delicacy solitude abstruse tax afire impart sagittarius quail earphone library angelica tech belligerent conduce residual bronchial danzig earn markham mosque coiffure centrist couturier october maxima descend crossbow parimutuel tv hoar ben balletomane antigorite stink rebellious smudgy civic awl lordosis eyelash antisemitism antler butch respondent tennessee ere arctan baron nato borax freon descend geriatric politburo tollgate epic anabaptist bottom contravariant doug corroboree crowfoot intuitable nuthatch modern bishop capacitive sympathetic expulsion schizoid bois cow termite below harvard contusion leaven hemosiderin shako beryl friday hubby circular bergamot bantam inestimable belt needy cockpit celestial misogyny windshield cz bankruptcy guess chromium curricula segment guelph coquina tickle hansen baldpate ancestor beggary cilia drub hatred flirtatious bloodroot tirade muddlehead towboat passerby mcpherson theretofore suppression dorchester airlift foliage compassionate acorn compression elephant curry briny hausdorff patina definite synergy cousin dehumidify chesapeake  removemeplease  
SPAM Subject: request for your unreserved asistance  request for your unreserved asistance  from : branch manager  ( union bank of nigeria plc )  marina lagos  dear sir ,  request for your unreserved asistance  firstly , i must solicit your confidence in this transaction , this is by virtue  of its nature as being utterly confidential and top secret . though i know  that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and worried ,  but i am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day . we have  decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction , as we have  been reliably informed of it ' s  swiftness and confidentiality .  let me start by first introducing myself properly to you . i am yakasia mohammed  a manager at the union bank nigeria plc , lagos . i came to know of you in  my private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential  transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign  account requiring maximum confidence . a foreigner , an oil merchant / contractor  with the federal government of nigeria , until his death three years ago in  a ghastly air crash , banked with us here at the union bank plc , lagos , and  had a closing balance of usd $ 7 . 2 m ( seven million , two hundred thousand united  states dollars ) which the bank now unquestionably expects to be claimed by  any of his available foreign next of kin or alternatively be donated to a  discredited trust fund for arms and ammunition at a military war collage  here in nigeria .  fervent valuable efforts are being made by the union bank to get in touch  with any of his next of kin ( he had no known wife and children ) that the  management under the influence of our chairman , board of directors , retired  major general ( egbuna o egbu ) , that an arrangement for the fund to be declared  " uncliamable " and then be subsequently donated to the trust fund for arms  and ammunition , which will further enhance the course of misunderstanding  among us here .  in order to avert this negative development , myself and some of my trusted  colleagues in the bank now seek for your permission to have you stand as  the next of kin so that the fund , usd $ 7 . 2 m , would be subsequently transferred  and paid into your bank account as the beneficiary next of kin .  all documents and proves to enable you get this fund have been carefully  worked out and we are assuring you a 100 % risk free  involvement . your share would be 30 % of the total amount , while the rest  would be for myself and my colleagues for purposes in your country .  if this proposal is ok by you and you do not wish to take advantage of the  trust we hope to bestow on you and your company , then kindly get to me immediately  via my private e - mail address ( yakasiahaji 2 @ hotmail . com ) furnishing me with  your most confidential telephone , fax and e - mail , so that i can forward to  you the relevant details of this transaction .  thank you in advance for your anticipated co - operation  regards .  yakasia mohammed  book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 .  cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights /  bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays /
SPAM Subject: at your serrvice  hello , welcome to ph elation armzonline excitation shop  - one of the ie decorate ading oniine ph ashlar armaceuticai shops  v destructor l  sparking gr  chromic l  l numerator u  sunward a  nerveless ac piscivorous la  indigestion is hollow val  tameable m  andmanyother .  tot sublime al confidentiaiity ,  over 5 miliio intercom n customers ,  worldwide shlpplng overdraw ,  save over detail 60 % !  have a nice lovesick day !
SPAM Subject: see your free credit report instantly !  you have received this advertisement because you have registered with planetlmedia .  if you feel that this service is no longer of benefit to you , and you do  not want to be notified along with the other subscribers on this service ,  please  edit your email preferences .  planet  1 media  2806 prairie avenue  miami beach , fl 33140
SPAM Subject: play on ocean treasure casino , get $ 300 bonus !  grand opening - ocean treasure online casino .  enjoy real casino action on your desktop with these  exciting promotional offers :  get $ 300 bonus on your first deposit !  enter this code in the casino software ' s cashier : x 3 daw  get $ 10 free , no deposit needed ! enter this code : frlee  allow us to show you our quality operation , fast payouts ,  generous bonuses , and super friendly around - the - clock  customer support .  go here : http : / / www . otcasino . biz  best regards ,  steven hughes  no thanks : http : / / www . otcasino . biz / u /
SPAM Subject: looking for good it team ? we do software engineering !  looklng for a good lt team ?  there can be many reasons for hiring a professional  lt team . . .  - lf you ' ve qot an active on - line business and you  are dissatisfied with the guaiity of your currentsupport , its cost , or  both . . .  - lf your business is expanding and you ' re ionqing  for a professionai support team . . .  - lf you have specific software requirements and  you ' d iike to have your soiutions customized , toqetherwith warranties and  reiiabie support . . .  - if you have the perfect business idea and want to  make it a reality . . .  - if your project has stalled due to lack of  additional resources . . .  - if you need an independent team for benchmarking ,  optimization , quality assurance . . .  if you ' re looking for  a truly professional team , we are at your service ! just visit our  website  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
SPAM Subject: depression body care  dietary hair protocols  v . i ' 0 , x * x 25 m . g 3 o pills 72 . 5 o  v , 1 * a . g , r . a 100 m , g 32 p ! lis 149 . 00  c * 1 . a , l , 1 . s 2 o m , g 10 pilis 79 . oo  full info : http : / / bespectacled . spam - cash . com / ? wid = 209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng !  we also have in stock :  x ' a * n . a ' x 1 m * g 3 o p ! | ls 79 . oo  p * r . o . z , a ' c 2 o m . g 30 p ! lls 11 o . oo  p . a , x . 1 * l 2 o m * g 20 p ! | | s 155 . 0 o  m ' e . r . i . d . i ' a lo m . g 30 p ! | | s 147 . 0 o  yours ,  cyril hoskins  linkman  quantum tubers corporation , delavan , 53115 - 0569 , united states of america  phone : 111 - 159 - 5711  mobile : 737 - 313 - 5379  email : eywzse @ fx . ro  this message is for confirmation  this freeware is a 45 year trial software  notes :  the contents of this message is for information and should not be censorious halfback  ramada minim hello  time : tue , 15 feb 2005 01 : 29 : 14 + 0200
SPAM Subject: you are approved for your loan ! ! ! approval no . ( 1848025 )  refinancing  your mortgage may be easier then you think !  now that rates are down ,  this may be a good time to start saving money !  click here for all details  free service for usa homeowners !  whether  your credit rating is a + + or you are credit challenged ,  we have many loan  programs through hundreds of aggressive lenders wanting to help you .  second mortgages  we can help you get up to 125 % of your  homes value ( ratios vary by state ) .  refinancing  reduce your monthly payments and get  some cash back .  debt  consolidation  combine all your bills into one low  payment ,  and save money every month .  we will get you the  best deal possible !  lower rates and easier terms !  click  here for all details and a free loan quotation  today !  we strongly  oppose the use of spam email and do not want anyone who does not wish to receive  ourmailings to receive them . we strongly oppose the use of spam email and do not want anyone who does not wish to receive our mailings to receive  them . click  here to me taken off of our list .  80686
SPAM Subject: is the time right for this smallcap ?  executive hospitality corp ( ehpc )  operator of " joseph ' s " , a 500 - seat restaurant ,  catering and entertainment complex located at the ft .  lauderdale executive airport in fort lauderdale , fla .  ( source : news 5 / 14 / 05 )  current price : $ . o 45  while past performance is ne ver indicative of future  results , many of you may like to b u y the trend . look  at the recent price and volume action on this stock ;  ( formerly : " ivia " )  ehpc open high | ow ciose  change volume  05 / 13 / 05 0 . 0400 0 . 0420 0 . 0350 0 . 0420 + 0 . 0020  489 , 500  05 / 12 / 05 0 . 0425 0 . 0425 0 . 0300 0 . 0400 - 0 . 0100  97 , 639  05 / 11 / 05 0 . 0600 0 . 0600 0 . 0450 0 . 0500 - 0 . 0050  575 , 102  05 / 10 / 05 0 . 0607 0 . 0700 0 . 0500 0 . 0550 - 0 . 0050  393 , 710  05 / 09 / 05 0 . 0360 0 . 0650 0 . 0350 0 . 0600 + 0 . 0240  1 , 132 , 000  05 / 06 / 05 0 . 0400 0 . 0400 0 . 0350 0 . 0360 + 0 . 0000  283 , 250  05 / 05 / 05 0 . 0350 0 . 0420 0 . 0300 0 . 0360 + 0 . 0060  1 , 606 , 500  05 / 04 / 05 0 . 0250 0 . 0300 0 . 0190 0 . 0300 + 0 . 0050  461 , 600  05 / 03 / 05 0 . 0060 0 . 0250 0 . 0060 0 . 0250 + 0 . 0190  3 , 120 , 000  here ' s the reason for the interest :  boca raton , fia . , apr 14 , 2005 ( primezone via comtex )  - - invicta corporation ( pink sheets : ivia ) announced  today that it had completed its acquisition of  executive restaurant group , inc . , owner and operator  of " joseph ' s " , a 500 - seat restaurant , catering and  entertainment complex | ocated at the ft . lauderdale  executive airport in fort lauderdaie , fla . the  purchase price was $ 1 . 2 miliion in cash , assumed debt  and common stock .  the company announced plans to expand the outdoor  portion of the three - acre facility to include live  entertainment events , and to increasee its marketing of  corporate functions and catered affairs . the company  also plans to estabiish an aviation catering operation  to service the private and corporate jet owners and  the fixed - base operators ( fbos ) located at the  airport , which is one of the nation ' s busiest general  aviation airports .  the previousiy approved change of name of the  corporation to executive hospitality corporation wil |  take effect on may 1 , 2005 , at which time a new  trading symbo | will be assigned . the company is  continuing to explore additiona | acquisition  opportunities within the hospitaiity industry ,  primarily in the south fiorida market .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  information within this emai | contains " forward  | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a  of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the  securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that  express or invoive discussions with respect to  predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans ,  projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future  events or performance are not statements of historical  fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward  looking statements are based on expectations ,  estimates and projections at the time the statements  are made that invoive a number of risks and  uncertainties which could cause actual results or  events to differ materiaily from those presentiy  anticipated . forward looking statements in this action  may be identified through the use of words such as  " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , "  " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands "  or that by statements indicating certain actions  " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many  microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk  factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue  as a going concern . today ' s featured company is not a  reporting company registered under the securities act  of 1934 and hence there is | imited information  availabie about the company . other factors include an  accumulated deficit since its inception , a negative  net worth , defauit on | oans , and an auditors going  concern opinion . the company is going to need  financing . if that financing does not occur , the  company may not be able to compiete some proposed  transactions and the company may not be abie to  continue as a going concern in which case you could  | ose your entire investment . other risks and  uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the  ability of the company to compiete its business  plan , reliance on key personnel , market conditions , the  genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and  technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other  risks associated with their business . the publisher of  this newsietter does not represent that the  information contained in this message states ail  materia | facts or does not omit a material fact  necessary to make the statements therein not  misleading . all information provided within this email  pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be  understood as information provided and not investment  advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises a | |  readers and subscribers to seek advice from a  registered professional securities representative  before deciding to trade in stocks featured within  this email . none of the materia | within this report  shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or  solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge  of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by  investing in this stock . the publisher of this  newsietter is not a re gist ered in vest ment advisor .  subscribers should not view information herein as  legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any  reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are  specially seiected to be referenced based on the  favorable performance of these companies . you would  need perfect timing to acheive the results in the  examples given . there can be no assurance of that  happening . remember , as always , past performance is  ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due  diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s  fiiings when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to  investing . in compliance with the securities act of  1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter  is contracted to receive fourty thousand doliars from  a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate  shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be  aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting  from such compensation due to the fact that this is a  paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party  that paid us has a position in the stock they will  se | | at anytime without notice . this couid have a  negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you  to | ose money . a | | factual information in this report  was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not  | imited to company websites and company press  reieases . the publisher of this newsietter beiieves  this information to be reliabie but can make no  guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of  the materia | within this emai | constitutes your  acceptance of these terms .  if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been  wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank  e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 015 @ yahoo . com
SPAM Subject: make thousands just sending emails . it ' s easy .  from : @ yahoo . com  to :  subject : earn money sending e - mails . it ' s easy !  new improved reports  dear friend ,  you can earn a lot of money in the next 90 days sending e - mail .  seem impossible ? is there a catch ? no , there is no catch ; just  send your e - mails and be on your way to financial freedom .  basically , i send out as many of these e - mails as i can , then  people send me cash in the mail for information that i just e - mail  back to them . everyday , i make a three minute drive to my p . o . box  knowing that there are at least a few hundred dollars waiting for  me . and the best part , it is completely legal .  just read the next few paragraphs and see what you think . if you  like what you read , great ! if you don ' t , read it again because you  must have missed something .  " as seen on national television "  " making over a half million dollars every 6 months from your home  for an investment of only $ 25 us dollars expense one time . thanks  to the computer age and the internet , be a millionaire like others  within a year ! ! ! before you say , " no way ! " read the following .  this is the letter you ' ve been reading about in the news lately .  due to the popularity of this letter on the internet , a major  nightly news program recently devoted an entire show to the  investigation of the program described below to see if it really  can make people money .  the show also investigated whether or not the program was legal .  their findings proved once and for all that there are absolutely  no laws prohibiting the participation in this program . this has  helped to show people that this is a simple , harmless , and fun way  to make some extra money at home . and , besides even if you never  got involved in the program , the reports themselves are well worth  the money . they can help you start and advertise any business on  the internet . that is , these reports stand alone and are  beneficial to anyone wishing to do business on the internet .  the results of this show have been truly remarkable . so many  people are participating that those involved are doing much better  than ever before . since everyone makes more as more people try it  out , its been very exciting to be a part of it lately . you will  understand once you experience it .  " here it is below "  * * * print this now for future reference * * *  the following income opportunity is one you may be interested in  taking a look at . it can be started with very little investment  ( $ 25 ) and the income return is tremendous ! ! !  this is a legitimate , legal , money making opportunity .  it does not require you to come into contact with people , do any  hard work , and best of all , you never have to leave your house  except to get the mail .  simply follow the instructions , and you really can make this  happen . this e - mail order marketing program works every time if  you put in the effort to make it work . e - mail is the sales tool of  the future . take advantage of this non - commercialized method of  advertising now !  the longer you wait , the more savvy people will be taking your  business using e - mail . get what is rightfully yours . program  yourself for success and dare to think big . it sounds corny , but  it ' s true . you ' ll never make it big if you don ' t have this belief  system in place .  multi - level marketing ( mlm ) has finally gained respectability . it  is being taught in the harvard business school , and both stanford  research and the wall street journal have stated that between 50 %  and 65 % of all goods and services will be sold through multi - level  methods .  this is a multi - billion dollar industry and of the 500 , 000  millionaires in the u . s . , 20 % ( 100 , 000 ) made their fortune in the  last several years in mlm . moreover , statistics show 45 people  become millionaires everyday through multi - level marketing .  you may have heard this story before , but donald trump made an  appearance on the david letterman show . dave asked him what he  would do if he lost everything and had to start over from scratch .  without hesitating trump said he would find a good network  marketing company and get to work .  the audience , started to hoot and boo him . he looked out at the  audience and dead - panned his response . " that ' s why i ' m sitting up  here and you are all sitting out there ! "  with network marketing you have two sources of income . direct  commissions from sales you make yourself and commissions from  sales made by people you introduce to the business .  residual income is the secret of the wealthy . it means investing  time and money once , and getting paid again and again and again .  in network marketing , it also means getting paid for the work of  others .  the enclosed information is something i almost let slip through my  fingers . fortunately , sometime later i reread everything and gave  some thought and study to it .  my name is jonathan rourke . two years ago , the corporation i  worked at for the past twelve years down - sized and my position  was eliminated . after unproductive job interviews , i decided to  open my own business . over the past year , i incurred many  unforeseen financial problems . i owed my family , friends and  creditors over $ 35 , 000 . the economy was taking a toll on my  business and i just couldn ' t seem to make ends meet . i had to  refinance and borrow against my home to support my family and  struggling business . at that moment something significant happened  in my life and i am writing to share that experience in hopes that  this will change your life forever financially ! ! !  in mid december , i received this program via e - mail . six month ' s  prior to receiving this program , i had been sending away for  information on various business opportunities . all of the programs  i received , in my opinion were not cost effective . they were  either too difficult for me to comprehend or the initial  investment was too much for me to risk to see if they would work  or not . one claimed that i would make a million dollars in one  year . it didn ' t tell me i ' d have to write a book to make it !  but like i was saying , in december i received this program . i  didn ' t send for it , or ask for it ; they just got my name off a  mailing list . thank goodness for that ! ! !  after reading it several times , to make sure i was reading it  correctly , i couldn ' t believe my eyes .  here was a money making phenomenon .  i could invest as much as i wanted to start without putting me  further into debt . after i got a pencil and paper and figured it  out , i would at least get my money back . but like most of you i  was still a little skeptical and a little worried about the legal  aspects of it all . so i checked it out with the u . s . post office  ( 1 - 800 - 725 - 2161 24 hrs ) and they confirmed that it is indeed  legal ! after determining the program was legal and not a chain  letter , i decided " why not . "  initially i sent out 10 , 000 e - mails . it cost me about $ 15 for my  time on - line . the great thing about e - mail is that i don ' t need  any money for printing to send out the program , and because all of  my orders are filled via e - mail , the only expense is my time . i am  telling you like it is . i hope it doesn ' t turn you off , but i  promised myself that i would not ' rip - off " anyone , no matter how  much money it cost me .  here is the basic version of what you need to do :  your first goal is to receive at least 20 orders for report # 1  within 2 weeks of your first program going out . if you don ' t , send  out more programs until you do .  your second goal is to receive at least 150 + orders for report # 2  within 4 weeks . if not , send out more programs until you do .  once you have your 150 orders , relax , you ' ve met your goal . you  will make $ 50 , 000 + but keep at it ! if you don ' t get 150 right off ,  keep at it ! it may take some time for your down line to build .  keep at it , stay focused , and do not let yourself get distracted .  in less than one week , i was starting to receive orders for report  # 1 . i kept at it - kept mailing out the program and by january 13 ,  1 had received 26 orders for report # 1 . my first step in making  $ 50 , 000 in 90 days was done .  by january 30 , 1 had received 196 orders for report # 2 ; 46 more  than i needed . so i sat back and relaxed . by march 1 , of my  e - mailing of 10 , 000 , i received $ 58 , 000 with more coming in every  day . i paid off all my debts and bought a much needed new car .  please take time to read the attached program , it will change your  life forever ! ! remember , it won ' t work if you don ' t try it . this  program does work , but you must follow it exactly ! especially the  rules of not trying to place your name in a different place . it  won ' t work , you ' ll lose out on a lot of money !  in order for this program to work very fast , try to meet your goal  of 20 + orders for report # 1 , and 150 + orders for report # 2 and you  will make $ 50 , 000 or more in 90 days . if you don ' t reach the first  two goals with in four weeks , relax , you will still make a ton of  money , it may take a few months or so longer . but keep mailing out  the programs and stay focused ! that ' s the key . i am living proof  that it works ! ! ! if you choose not to participate in this program ,  i am sorry . it really is a great opportunity with little cost or  risk to you . if you choose to participate , follow the program and  you will be on your way to financial security .  if you are a fellow business owner and are in financial trouble  like i was , or you want to start your own business , consider this  a sign . i did ! - sincerely , jonathan rourke  p . s . do you have any idea what 11 , 700 $ 5 bills ( $ 58 , 000 ) look  like piled up on a kitchen table ? it ' s awesome !  a personal note from the originator of this program :  by the time you have read the enclosed program and reports , you  should have concluded that such a program , and one that is legal ,  could not have been created by an amateur .  let me tell you a little about myself . i had a profitable business  for 10 years . then in 1979 my business began falling off . i was  doing the same things that were previously successful for me , but  it wasn ' t working .  finally , i figured it out . it wasn ' t me ; it was the economy .  inflation and recession had replaced the stable economy that had  been with us since 1945 .  i don ' t have to tell you what happened to the unemployment  rate . . . because many of you know from first hand experience . there  were more failures and bankruptcies than ever before .  the middle class was vanishing . those who knew what they were  doing invested wisely and moved up . those who did not including  those who never had anything to save or invest were moving down  into the ranks of the poor .  as the saying goes , ' the rich get richer and the poor get poorer . "  the traditional methods of making money will never allow you to  " move up " or " get rich " . inflation will see to that .  you have just received information that can give you financial  freedom for the rest of your life , with " no risk " and " just a  little bit of effort . " you can make more money in the next few  months than you have ever imagined .  follow the program exactly as instructed . do not change it in any  way . it works exceedingly well as it is now . remember to e - mail a  copy of this exciting report to everyone you can think of . one of  the people you send this to may send out 50 , 000 . . . and your name  will be on everyone of them !  remember though , the more you send out the more potential  customers you will reach .  so my friend , i have given you the ideas , information , materials  and opportunity to become financially independent . it is up to  you now !  " think about it . " before you delete this program from your  mailbox , as i almost did , take a little time to read it and really  think about it . get a pencil and figure out what could happen when  you participate . figure out the worst possible response and no  matter how you calculate it , you will still make a lot of money !  you will definitely get back what you invested . any doubts you  have will vanish when your first orders come in . it works ! - jody  jacobs , richmond , va  here ' s how this amazing program will make you thousands of dollar $  this method of raising capital really works 100 % every time . i am  sure that you could use up to $ 50 , 000 or more in the next 90 days .  before you say " no way ! " please read this program carefully . this  is not a chain letter , but a perfectly legal money making  opportunity . basically , this is what you do : as with all  multilevel businesses , we - build our business by recruiting new  partners and selling our products . every state in the usa allows  you to recruit new multilevel business partners , and we offer a  product for every dollar sent . your orders come by mail and are  filled by e - mail , so you are not involved in personal selling . you  do it privately in your own home , store , or office .  this is the greatest multi - level mail order marketing anywhere :  this is what you must do .  1 . order all 5 reports shown on the list below ( you can ' t sell  them if you don ' t have them ) .  * for each report , send $ 5 . 00 cash , the name & number of the  report you are ordering , your e - mail address , and your name &  return address ( in case of a problem ) .  * make sure your return address is on your envelope - in case of  any mail problems !  * when you place your order , make sure you order each of the five  reports . you need all five reports so that you can save them on  your computer and resell them .  * within a few days you will receive , via e - mail , each of the five  reports . save them on your computer so they will be accessible for  you to send to the 1 , 000 ' s of people who will order them from you .  2 . important - do not alter the names of the people who are listed  next to each report , or their order  on the list in any way other than as instructed below in steps " a "  through ' g " or you will lose out on the majority of your profits .  once you understand the way this works you ' ll also see how it  doesn ' t work if you change it . remember , this method has been  tested , and if you alter it , it will not work .  a . look below for the listing of available reports .  b . after you ' ve ordered the . five reports , take this advertisement  and remove the name and address under report # 5 . this person has  made it through the cycle and is no doubt counting their $ 50 , 000 !  c . move the name and address under report # 4 down to report # 5 .  d . move the name and address under report # 3 down to report # 4 .  e . move the name and address under report # 2 down to report # 3  f . move the name and address under report # 1 down to report # 2 .  g . insert your name and address in the report # 1 position .  please make sure you copy every name and address accurately ! copy  and paste method works well , .  3 . take this entire letter , including the modified list of names ,  and save it to your computer . make no changes to the instruction  portion of this letter .  your cost to participate in this is practically nothing ( surely  you can afford $ 25 ) . you obviously already have an internet  connection and e - mail is free !  to assist you with marketing your business on the internet , the 5  reports you purchase will provide you with invaluable marketing  information which includes how to send bulk e - mails , where to find  thousands of free classified ads and much , much more .  here are two primary methods of building your downline :  method # 1 : sending bulk e - mail  let ' s say that you decide to start small , just to see how it goes ,  and we ' ll assume you and all those involved send out only 2 , 000  programs each . let ' s also assume that the mailing receives a 0 . 5 %  response . using a good list , the response could be much better .  also , many people will send out hundreds of thousands of programs  instead of 2 , 000 . but continuing with this example , you send out  only 2 , 000 programs . with a 0 . 5 % response , that is only 10 orders  for report # 1 . those 10 people respond by sending out 2 , 000  programs each for a total of 20 , 000 . out of those 0 . 5 % , 100 people  respond and order report # 2 .  those 100 mail out 2 , 000 programs each for a total of 200 , 000 . the  0 . 5 % response to that is 1 , 000 orders for report # 3 . those 1 , 000  send out 2 , 000 programs each for a 2 , 000 , 000 total . the 0 . 5 %  response to that is i 0 , 000 orders for report # 4 . that amounts to  10 , 000 each of $ 5 bills for you in cash money ! then think about  level five ! that ' s $ 500 , 000 alone !  your total income in this example is $ 50 + $ 500 + $ 5 , 000 + $ 50 , 000  + $ 500 , 000 for a total of $ 555 , 550 ! ! !  remember friend , this is assuming 1 , 990 out of the 2 , 000 people  you mail to will do absolutely nothing and trash this program !  dare to think for a moment what would happen if everyone , or half  sent out 100 , 000 programs instead of 2 , 000 . believe me , many  people will do just that and more !  report # 2 will show you the best methods for bulk e - mailing , and  e - mail software .  method # 2 - placing free ads on the internet  1 . advertising on the net is very , very inexpensive , and there are  hundreds of free places to advertise . let ' s say you decide to  start small just to see how well it works . assume your goal is to  get only 10 people to participate on your first level . placing a  lot of free ads on the internet will easily get a larger response .  also assume that everyone else in your organization gets only 10  downline members . follow this example to achieve the staggering  results below : lst level - your 10 members with $ 5 . . . . . . . $ 50  2 nd level - 10 members from those 10 ( $ 5 x 100 ) . . . . . . . $ 500  3 rd level - 10 members from those 100 ( $ 5 x 1 , 000 ) . . . . . . . $ 5 , 000  4 th level - 10 members from those 1 , 000 ( $ 5 x 10 k ) . . . . . . . $ 50 , 000  5 th level - 10 members from those 10 , 000 ( $ 5 x 100 k ) . . . . . . . $ 500 , 000  this totals - $ 555 , 550  remember friends , this assumes that the people who participate  only recruit 10 people each . think for a moment what would happen  if they got 20 people to participate ! most people get 100 ' s of  participants .  think about it ! for every $ 5 . 00 you receive , all you must do is  e - mail them the report they ordered . that ' s it ! always provide  same - day service on all orders ! this will guarantee that the  e - mail they send out with your name and address on it will be  prompt because they can ' t advertise until they receive the report !  available reports * * * order each report by number , and  name * * *  * always send $ 5 cash ( u . s . currency ) for each report . checks not  accepted * - always send your order via first class mail - make  sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in at least two sheets  of paper ( so that the bill can ' t be seen against light ) on one of  those sheets of paper include :  ( a ) the number & name of the report you are ordering ,  ( b ) your e - mail address , and  ( c ) your name & postal address ( in case your e - mail provider  encounters problems ) .  place your order for these reports now :  report # 1 " the insiders guide to advertizing for free on the  internet "  order report # 1 from :  randy dillard  p . o . box 8  osprey , fl 34229  usa  report # 2 " the insiders guide to sending bulk email on the  internet "  order report # 2 from :  carla brown  p . o . box 39093  sarasota , fl 34238  usa  report # 3 " the secrets to multilevel marketing on the internet "  order report # 3 from :  glynn schmidt  p . o . box 19424  sarasota , fl 34276  usa  report # 4 ' how to become a millionaire utilizing the power of  multilevel marketing and the internet "  order report # 4 from :  christin joy  cpo 2398  501 e . college avenue  wheaton , il 60187  usa  report # 5 " how to send one million e - mails for free . "  order report # 5 from :  cheri gerhart  81719 lido avenue  indio , ca 92201  usa  about 50 , 000 new people get online every month !  * * * * * * * tips for success * * * * * * *  * treat this as your business ! be prompt , professional , and follow  the directions accurately .  * send for the five reports immediately so you will have them when  the orders start coming in . when you receive a $ 5 order , you must  send out the requested product / report .  * always provide same - day service on the orders you receive .  * be patient and persistent with this program . if you follow the  instructions exactly , your results will be successful !  * above all , have faith in yourself and know you will succeed !  * * * * * * * your success guidelines * * * * * * *  follow these guidelines to guarantee your success :  start posting ads as soon as you mail off for the reports ! by the  time you start receiving orders , your reports will be in your  mailbox ! for now , something simple , such as posting on message  boards something to the effect of " would you like to know how to  earn $ 50 , 000 working out of your house with no initial investment ?  email me with the keywords " more info " to find out how . and , when  they email you , send them this report in response !  if you don ' t receive 20 orders for report # 1 within two weeks ,  continue advertising or sending e - mails until you do .  then , a couple of weeks later you should receive at least 100  orders for report # 2 . if you don ' t , continue advertising or sending  e - mails until you do . once you have received 100 or more orders  for report # 2 , you can relax , because the system is already  working for you , and the cash will continue to roll in !  this is important to remember : every time your name is moved down  on the list you are placed in front of a different report . you can  keep track of your progress by watching which report people are  ordering from you . if you want to generate more income , send  another batch of e - mails or continue placing ads and start the  whole process again ! there is no limit to the income you will  generate from this business !  before you make your decision as to whether or not you participate  in this program , answer one question . . .  do you want to change your life ? if the answer is yes , please look  at the following facts about this program :  1 . you are selling a product which does not cost anything to  produce !  2 . you are selling a product which does not cost anything to ship !  3 . you are selling a product which does not cost you anything to  advertise !  4 . you are utilizing the power of the internet and the power of  multi - level marketing to distribute your product all over the  world !  5 . your only expenses other than your initial $ 25 investment is  your time !  6 . virtually all of the income you generate from this program is  pure profit !  7 . this program will change your life forever .  * * * * * * * testimonials * * * * * * *  this program does work , but you must follow it exactly ! especially  the rule of not trying to place your name in a different position ,  it won ' t work and you ' ll lose a lot of potential income . i ' m  living proof that it works . it really is a great opportunity to  make relatively easy money , with little cost to you . if you do  choose to participate , follow the program exactly , and you ' ll be  on your way to financial security . - steven bardfield , portland , or  my name is mitchell . my wife , jody , and i live in chicago , il . i  am a cost accountant with a major u . s . corporation and i make  pretty good money . when i received the program i grumbled to jody  about receiving " junk mail . " i made fun of the whole thing ,  spouting my knowledge of the population and percentages involved .  i ' knew ' it wouldn ' t work . jody totally ignored my supposed  intelligence and jumped in with both feet . i made merciless fun of  her , and was ready to lay the old ' i told you so ' on her when the  thing didn ' t work . . . well , the laugh was on me ! within two weeks  she had received over 50 responses . within 45 days she had  received over $ 147 , 200 in $ 5 bills ! i was shocked ! i was sure that  i had it all figured and that it wouldn ' t work . i am a believer  now . i have joined jody in her " hobby . " i did have seven more  years until retirement , but i think of the ' rat race , ' and it ' s  not for me . we owe it all to mlm . - mitchell wolf md . , chicago , il .  the . main reason for this letter is to convince you that this  system is honest , lawful , extremely profitable , and is a way to  get a large amount of money in a short time . i was approached  several times before 1 checked this out . i joined just to see what  one could expect in return for the minimal effort and money  required . to my astonishment i received $ 36 , 470 . 00 in the first 14  weeks , with money still coming in .  - charles morris , esq .  not being the gambling type , it took me several weeks to make up  my mind to participate in this plan . but conservative that i am , i  decided that the initial investment was so little that there was  just no way that i wouldn ' t get enough orders to at least get my  money back . boy , was i surprised when i found my medium - size post  office box crammed with orders ! for awhile , it got so overloaded  that i had to start picking up my mail at the window . i ' ll make  more money this year than any 10 years of my life before . the nice  thing about this deal is that it doesn ' t matter where people live .  there simply isn ' t a better investment with a faster return .  - paige willis , des moines , ia  i had received this program before . i deleted it , but later i  wondered if i shouldn ' t have given it a try . of course , i had no  idea who to contact to get another copy , so i had to wait until i  was e - mailed another program . . . 11 months passed then it came . . .  i didn ' t delete this one ! . . . i made . more than $ 41 , 000 on the  first try ! ! - violet wilson , johnstown , pa  this is my third time to participate in this plan . we have quit  our jobs , and will soon buy a home on the beach and live off the  interest on our money . the only way on earth that this plan will  work for you is if you do it . for your sake , and for your family ' s  sake don ' t pass up this golden opportunity . good luck and happy  spending ! - kerry ford , centerport , ny  it is up to you now ! take 5 minutes to change your future !  order your reports today and get started on your road to financial  freedom !  for your information : if you need help with starting a business ,  registering a business name , learning how income tax is handled ,  etc . , contact your local office of the small business  administration ( a federal agency ) 1 ( 800 ) 827 - 5722 for free help  and answers to questions . also , the internal revenue service  offers free help via telephone and free seminars about business  tax requirements .  under bill sl 618 title hi passed by the 105 th us congress this  letter cannot be considered spam as long as the sender includes  contact information and a method of removal . this is a one time  e - mail transmission . no request for removal is necessary to  remove ( even though this is not necessary ) press   @ yahoo . com  stop ! if you never read another e - mail please take a moment to  read this one . this really is worth your valuable time . even if  you never got involved in the program , the reports themselves are  well worth the money . they can help you start and advertise any  business on the internet . that is , these reports stand alone and  are beneficial to anyone wishing to do business on the internet .  at the very least print this out now to read later if you are  pressed for time .  - - - -  this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek  welcome to geek heaven .  http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf  spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
SPAM Subject: paul , i ' ve got what you are looking for  hi , paul , how are you going these days ? it is tough to find what you are looking for ; fortunately , i got them with help of my tutor ' s friend . i ' ll post them to you this weekend but you must treat me when i go to boston next time .  do you remember yamamoto ? the pretty designer from tokyo , who accompany me to your place last year , i saw a few chinese handicrafts , embroideries in her place a couple of days ago , which she bought occasionally in china at the time of traveling . these fantastic embroideries attracted me immediately . they are too beautiful to describe in words . i ordered embroidery ' cat ' on the internet under highly recommends by yamamoto . it looks so incredible and vivid that i believe embroidery is the top grade collection and decoration .  are you planning to add some east elements to your designs ? i think these embroideries are the best choices .  this is the website i ordered embroideries : http : / / www . dufe - emba . com / works . htm you may see if anything you can use . the price of embroideries is higher ; it seems not made in china but france .  tanaka
SPAM Subject: een avontuurtje is oke ,  als je dit bericht niet kan lezen , klik hier .  je hebt dit bericht ontvangen omdat je in de db smsmag / kdotv bent . om uit te schrijven , klik hier .  
SPAM Subject: professionally - designed logos and identities  thinking of breathing new life into your business ?  start from revamping its front - endlogo and  visualidentity .  we offer creative custom design of ioqos ,  stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerfui marketinq  tools wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out  amonqthe competitors .  you are just a ciick  away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork ,  checkour prices and hot offers .  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
SPAM Subject: great prices on generic viagra - worldwide shipping .  hi ,  we have an offer for you . buy viagra through our online store .  the product is called zenegra ( generic viagra ) . it helps men obtain  and maintain an erection . men that do not have impotence problems report  that z _ e _ n _ e _ g _ r _ a increases sexual pleasure and staying power , as well as  increasing the size and hardness of erections .  - private online ordering  - no prescription required  - world wide shipping  - much lower prices than in normal pharmacies  order your drugs offshore and save over 70 % !  check it out : http : / / www . unkindest . net / genv / ? index  no thanks : http : / / v - lineinc . com / rm . html
SPAM Subject: barclays bank - security update notification ! ref : 4182  dear valued customer ,  - our new security system will help you to avoid  frequently fraud transactions and to keep your  investments in safety .  - due to technical update we recommend you to  reactivate your account .  please click on the link below to proceed :  we appreciate your business . it ' s truly our pleasure  to serve you .  barclays customer care  this email is for notification purposes only . to contact us ,  please log into your account and send a bank mail .  msg - id : jvcfxfnanf  niobe caveat bahama bream alsop christie receptive transmitting communion horseflesh mycenae stood airstrip jackpot mervin steely distributive gymnastic hillel parson eradicate lenin scale auger castor churchillian  
SPAM Subject: hot watch for the morning with news out after the market close  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * watch this one july 14 - 21 as we know many of you like momentum * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  breaking news was issued and we told you this would fly  str ong buy issued july 12 at market close  the players network , inc .  otc bulletin board :  symbol : pntv  current price : $ 1 . 20  5 day projection : $ 3 . 50  big news , big names , big money and big players  major breaking news was released after the market close today  this is a must watch tomorrow morning .  players network completes production on first - ever live broadcast from the ' world series of poker ( r ) lifestyle show ' for potential worldwide audience of 100 million broadband - enabled subscribers  wednesday july 13 , 4 : 35 pm et < - - after the market close today  over 30 hours of new , original programming produced for broadband , video on demand and further distribution  company ' s broadband network registers consumers in 36 countries since launch 7 days ago  go read this news now and put pntv on your radars now  the recent press releases say it all ,  ! ! ! ! ! ! ! we told you about cdgt yesterday and that is up big today ! ! ! ! ! ! !  disclaimer  information within this email contains " for wardlooking stateme nts " within  the meaning of sec tion 27 aof the secur ities act of 1933 and section 21 b of  thesecu rities exch ange act of 1934 . any statem ents that express or invo lve  discussions with respect to predi ctions , expect ations , beliefs ,  plans , proje ctions , object ives , goals , ass umptions or future events or  performance are not state ments of histor ical fact and may be " forward  looking statements . " forwa rdlooking state ments are based on  expectat ions , estimates and proje ctions at the time the statements are made  that involve a number of risks and uncer tainties which could cause actual  results or events to differ materially from those presently ant icipated .  forward look ing stat ements in this action may be iden tified through the use  of words such as " proje cts " , " for esee " , " exp ects " , " will , " " anti cipates , "  " esti mates , " " belie ves , " understan ds " or that by stat ements indicating  certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include  general econ omic and business con ditions , the ab ility to acqu ire and deve lop  specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer  and busi ness consum ption habits and other factors overwhich the company has  little or no control . the publisher of this newsl etter does not represent  that the informa tion contained in this message states all material facts or  does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not  misleading . all infor mation provided within this email pert aining to  inves ting , st ocks , securi ties must be under stood as information provi ded and  not inves tment advice . the publi sher of this newsletter advises all readers  and subscr ibers to seek advice from a reg istered profess ional secur ities  repres ntative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this  email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any  kind of inves tment advice or soli citation . many of these comp anies are on  the verge of bank ruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this  stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest .  the publi sher of this newsletter is not a reg stered invstme nt advis or .  subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or  invest ment advice . in comp liance with the securiti esact of 1933 , section  17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred  thousa nd free trad ing shares from a third party , not an officer , director or  affi liate shar eholder for the circul ation of this report . be aware of an  inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensa tion due to the  fact that this is a paid adve rtisement and is not without bias . the party  that paid us has a position in the st ock they will sell at anyt ime without  notice . this could have a negat ive impact on the price of the st ock , causing  you to lose money . all factual infor mation in this report was gat hered fr om  public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites  and compa ny press rel eases . the publisher of this newsl etter beli eves this  informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or  comple teness . use of the mat rial within this email consti tutes your  accepta nce of these terms .
SPAM Subject: popularity pills , cheap ! ! ! viagra , cialis , and more !  viagra soft tabs is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .  like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - )  ordering viagra soft tabs online is a very convinient , fast and secure way !  millions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money !  viagra soft tabs formula is effective for 95 % of the patients . if this treatment  is not effective for you , we will refund you for every unopened pack .  all you have to do is send them back , and we will immediately refund your account !  read more and order now  these pills are just like regular cialis but they are specially formulated  to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth  and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach .  this results in a faster more powerful effect which still lasts up to 36 hours .  cialis soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with cialis ) .  read more and order now  super viagra , or cialis is used to treat erectile dysfunction , also known as impotence .  this is when a man cannot get , or keep , a hard erect penis suitable for sexual activity .  the active ingredient in cialis tablets , tadalafil , belongs to a group of medicines called  phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors . following sexual stimulation cialis helps the blood  vessels in your penis to relax which allows the blood flow into your penis . the result is  the improved erectile function . cialis will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction .  read more and order now  how does viagra professional work ?  viagra is a prescription drug used to treat erection difficulties , such as erectile  dysfunction ( ed ) . since it first became available in 1998 , the prescription drug viagra  has helped about 16 million men around the world to improve their sex lives . amazing ,  9 tablets are dispensed every second worldwide . and no other therapy or prescription  drug for erectile dysfunction has been studied as much or has the same amount of  real - world experience as viagra since its launch . it ' s no wonder more than 600 , 000 doctors  have chosen the prescription drug viagra for their patients with ed . fact is , when taken  correctly , viagra works for most men . studies show that it works for up to 4 out of 5 men  ( versus 1 out of 4 on sugar pill ) . viagra improves erections for most men no matter how long  they have had ed , what caused it , how often they have it , or how old they are .  if this treatmentis not effective for you , we will refund you for every unopened pack . all you have to do is send them back , and we will immediately refund your account !  read more and order now  remove your email
SPAM Subject: fw : softwa . re by the original manufa . cturer at generic pri _ ces  you can get oem software including microsoft / microsoft office , adobe , macromedia , corel , even titles for the macintosh up to 80 % off . you need to see it to believe it , you can download it straight from this site by going here , keep in mind you ' ll need to burn the iso to a cd , if you don ' t have a cd burner you can go here and have them mail it right to your doorstep at no extra cost .
SPAM Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs .  hi !  we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs ,  cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking  about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours  of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis .  simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best  erections you ' ve ever had !  soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) .  you can get it at : http : / / almedz . com / soft /  no thanks : http : / / almedz . com / rr . php
SPAM Subject: only 3 days left  2004 clearance  http : / / bda . cheapestrxmeds . info / lasf /  valìum - 3 . 99  xanåx - 3 . 99  cìalis - 6 . 66  viagrå - 4 . 99  ambièn - 3 . 99  ultråm - 3 . 33  cèlebrèx 3 . 33  somå - 2 . 99  more . . .  you won ' t find these prîces anywhere  quality mèds from canada  browse now  http : / / it . cheapestrxmeds . info / lasf /
SPAM Subject: http : / / www . linuxense . com  hello ,  i have visited www . linuxense . com and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net .  give your website maximum exposure today !  looking forward to hearing from you .  best regards ,  vanessa lintner  sales marketing  www . seekercenter . net  you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
SPAM Subject: = ? utf - 8 ? q ? you will take just 1 ? =  = ? utf - 8 ? q ? 1 minutes to prepar ? =  = ? utf - 8 ? q ? e for the night of ? =  = ? utf - 8 ? q ? sexual practice ! ? =  our production is the recent men ' s disease curative medicine that all people is speaking about .  it may be mingled with tipple , it run much more rather than the rest known remedy medicine , you would drive with ease or control heavy organization .  our produce inserts the circulation of the blood immediately in exchange for going through the belly consequently your partner requires just 11 minutes until you have a sensation of the result .  
SPAM Subject: please check your account activity !  dear valued scotiabank customer : we recently have determined  that different computers have logged into your scotia bank account , and  multiple password failures were present before the logons . we now need you to  log into your account and verify your account activity . if this is not completed  by july 1 , 2005 we will be forced to suspend your account  indefinitely , as it may have been used for fraudulent purposes . we thank you for  your cooperation in this manner .  to log into your account and verify your account activity ,  click here : https : / / www . scotiaonline . scotiabank . com / online / start . jsp ? language =  we  appreciate your support and understanding , as we work together to keep scotiabank a safe place to do business . thank you for your patience in  this matter .  trust  and safety departmentscotiabank  please do not reply to this e - mail as this is only a notification . mail  sent to this address cannot be answered .  this web site is operated by scotiabank  legal | privacy | security  © scotiabank 2005  
SPAM Subject: localized software , all languages available .  hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .  aii listed software is availabie for immediate download !  no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery !  just few exampies :  - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95  - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95  - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95  - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95  - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95  just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguage !  best regards ,  katheleen  
SPAM Subject: i . nterest r @ tes are still low !  r 3 move me  bookshelves artistry armload cholesterol transparent twinge tempestuous skullduggery constipate appreciate spy osha shade maid vasectomy barracuda confocal had accompanist bump rhinestone sword aqueous elkhart cerise deadlock mentor torture wore avon cow blowback caviar debility extolling elan despair attentive alton bureaucratic eloise begonia incessant ellipsoidal timid digram circle adiabatic metro rica amoeba doyle hydrostatic posey chianti fail ambassador computation xerxes nodal director gleason sunflower germantown cornerstone septillion errol pugnacious simmer autograph applicant befall aversion backstage lillian melon grew tideland savvy irreverent puccini tenspot catch anastasia bark whereby edging diploidy coupe clink spencer magnetron capella levis zagreb muong roughneck exploit gifford leavenworth specious calve barcelona wesleyan capsize denounce stepwise writeup gasify diversionary dearie matsumoto adsorbate bartholomew manifest miguel quillwort downs grime actinometer till leukemia conjugate jealous cowlick shifty goodwill febrile maledict dodd scribe counterproductive exhaustion guthrie checksumming atchison narcissus vibrate dietician calve basalt motor haag calibrate risk eisner bashaw shied copywriter electress necessity stygian since buckley rancho curdle supplementary genotype dialup bromfield dolores haydn buffoon emile stayed decompile ababa attribute carcinogen drake indelicate perspire inflammation whoop dominate ornament blackman piazza porcelain blitz victory copolymer seismography trudy paycheck rhubarb beatnik marketeer dicta stupor curlicue barbital passover v graphite bonanza delicatessen centrifuge basemen binary archfool christie backstop glow ammerman myself careen leap adulate toby bulkhead shed colza orthicon statutory culvert frey lysine column carlisle u merriam booky mountainside degeneracy fission charge concessionaire gordon countywide hellgrammite butane oxen student northward tactician attentive babysat aboriginal caramel travail halverson nowhere acquittal rosetta flu septennial christina franklin homeric almagest seal iodinate chemistry egret extort raceway thermionic necessary hallelujah cabal should poincare pastiche narcosis pristine airflow swallow owe breakwater scarce endothelial sage fever design mesoderm agriculture aching ballard headstone barrage grendel counterflow doff desire feline downstairs archdiocese bathrobe formulaic distributor libelous prove snowy angora dialup inferential sesame black brooklyn densitometer delta bitternut cyclic durham bladder caliph gemini americana flo stupendous coagulable optometry screwdriver tahoe churchyard billiken whee deuteron handout upheld eclectic emory wealth because callous barrette fairfax third archenemy flagstone augite splotchy consult cramer aldebaran codebreak bug clemson chairman calve bit vacationland balcony foist incomparable both snarl asteroidal freehold turtleback umbra nightdress chanson globular cervantes hourglass coin cysteine greensward birefringent spartan oceanic our circuitous circumpolar library ascribe boredom waltham translate pogrom cottrell lignite dystrophy communion abrade diatom epigraph composition churchgoer proscription hemp reflexive dearth press palindromic grate geese pavanne normandy chief echidna swishy written olfactory auction cornelius christian apron evil helmsman perchlorate ginseng cartilaginous acetone adulthood dialup defunct dazzle discussant hypothetic demoniac proteolysis dendritic dream dean prelude richard emcee coarsen spicy pitchstone alizarin rule crosswort transgression waspish bottom catch sextuple laundry officeholder procure cavemen inferno marionette amalgam dervish insight nightfall javelin bergen alert droopy noel ireland chambers colloidal inward upstate bergland whistleable tone whine linguist polymeric cabal meltwater podge awful filth plateau egghead blackberry gal lucia talismanic hilt ronald funk standard craftsperson econometrica beauty resume floor lakeside checkerberry sorption warhead aqueduct absorb curry commendatory cause genital incendiary amok cladophora marble charta coach demean empiric catatonic nutate tenth apothecary brookhaven duck composure glint hoosegow cemetery most arid mate usury umbra imprison sunglasses coneflower japanese corset notwithstanding lockheed consul cassock fall bedstraw agnostic dram carry dead decompile fictive cahill zeta cajole ut collate showman typeface venezuela dialup ahoy caddy combination deify cotoneaster backstage efficient elide vermiculite aeronautic luminescent binge bulldoze arsenide covalent sank strabismic draw bowline sax applause liken millennia blackout goshawk crosstalk gobble option judicious ito hoagy heinz topologize flop bock keyboard rheumatic adopt editor hugo blvd anaglyph arching backdrop invidious julia dentistry offsaddle carte stateroom modulate guest indenture pinion huber syllable incorrigible coffman churchgoing shelter plaything sinewy beecham colorimeter cellar astray discernible pearlite whelp econometrica deallocate friedman truce corroboree chance immeasurable irrigate lapse durkin visible turnoff algiers prothonotary field eeoc bedim nasa congregate choreograph loathe cannonball supply biography steeplebush boone deodorant tint emendable mcdowell conjugacy inequality something quest jenny condominium happy gait instep dowager dunn griffin queen delimitation cantabrigian decolletage kermit hyperbola audio diffract impalpable e feel anxious tinge decedent element hooligan wherein perusal coruscate meltwater patchwork connoisseur doneck heyday hesitant housebroken penna circuitry olin profiteer crandall groin brumidi pause trollop allah guerdon hungary nepal healy binocular niamey hannah fairway duplicable ecuador calm opal banish jovial cocklebur adrenaline comparison eigenspace patterson rudyard extensive dielectric arrhenius larva aspect join pellagra aaron consumption unkempt astm norm huntley course degum haplology workspace dewy airmail affine conjugal artillery engage cheney cavort fleshy centenary ileum carmen commissary brainwash btu audible stagy becalm mortgagee dominic merrymake egg atone damsel acerbity armata eldon flaxseed roman greatcoat methodic riverside foolish dis chlorophyll bleach contrary fog chi doe airfoil abeyance suntanned cosmos holler berkowitz despise arthritis pip extraterrestrial hypocritic physiotherapist galbreath arrogate emmanuel aviary crossbill palette chadwick birch felt picosecond whiteface tsunami caviar preparatory cambrian phthalate flog hatchway ambitious doctoral gilead ambulate maxwell barbara diabetic away bebop pol dart rudiment bronchus clergyman flirtation styrene arab black ginsberg attic expansive congresswoman frame madeline faucet jeff depot nestle caracas buttercup disburse aaron cesium peltry clothbound drench disseminate forage lint nowise lurid panama capita festival apron decertify blitz burlington grown chiropractor parlance colby strawberry brag eaten batchelder fidelity bare delete synchronism pronoun lois tablespoon signify seoul jasper solicitation client algebraic bondholder causal springtail transceiver wobble bromine consensus diaphragm reminisce collate ashame union involutorial perquisite shoelace turmoil coverall mandrel kruger midday asiatic oblivion sabina construe pretension barrington versus eggshell dainty exit byte degrade adjudge terpsichore pith cutaneous inc honoree bade earthshaking apathy easternmost downey gallium handmade said countenance frank somali veil sophism fluctuate acropolis extraordinary reptilian allege brigham wolve decatur texaco gaucherie darkle billfold barter damascus lexicon ed louis fogy karachi competent isn ' t precautionary futile attire militiamen cosponsor fraught decide optima ukraine anticipatory erupt perihelion pummel colonist joanna slam proscribe marmot allis subversive kickback hoy buried docket parentheses achieve fogging dietary clash prorogue pendant astigmatism rutland backside depreciable desorption yellow avocado archaic brigade suture desperate adrenaline anchovy daffy incaution officious tiger medium citation webster coextensive nonsensical snuffer bullwhack aphasia affable decode fritz florida squashberry creche lieu credible armchair silane cowgirl expressive christoph figaro psalm parboil anaheim cromwellian edmonds bloke acetone vehicular tribune swat diaphanous gardner ditty steer hid deportee exultation baptismal acquiescent restroom damask nj hawley awaken decisive indiscreet descriptive pediatric grave anus brighton knutson poincare swarthy cerebral cricket tramp smyrna massey osseous irrational cannot agnostic antimony protactinium monoceros murmur beatnik bowmen aileen hayward testicle chorale bibb permute dakar interpretive biotite wallop brig verdi allan crockery libertarian spout allegate dorset calkins chicago filtrate gunny staten seville sourdough intercept andrea redshank heiress range dignitary paste duchess acrobacy tincture schumann accelerate aventine critter whinny shutdown backyard connive copious strait shiv fleet cancel leadsmen beloit safari cheery latent tremulous wheelbase bakhtiari turn airflow puc maxwell astatine uphill restoration tennessee officio ca contractual phosphor igor deodorant crusade deerskin oasis voracity coastline atmospheric turnstone scarface parenthetic ted deface asset condemnatory abreast strabismus slant bess affluent grid employed waist phosphorylate allotting bater bryophyte offsaddle numerous konrad forbidden limitation iffy census crystallite below vernon linda enunciable moore goodman egocentric embattle elkhart depressible flagpole wisenheimer jed chamomile whimsic automata armenia trafficked begonia embalm funny airy tetrahedra intelligent inference cocksure dungeon satiable bootlegger who ' ve saucepan bonaventure luxembourg worktable absent wooster hoe myth curdle commensurable minsk boswell belong solicitation vein tap soviet mullein costa postlude cautious delicti eastland crematory rototill accomplice civilian incomprehensible cunard semitic sequential contrast rhode vacua compositor maestro lass artisan thermostat knight malton blustery erudite warehouse decrease spavin zloty compound strum nicosia francoise u ' s tyrannicide jackboot picnicking domingo spacetime descendent forbidden eddy barbiturate candlelit pleiades molybdate beachhead hole bullet grey bus irreclaimable consanguine brisbane talon convict reptilian subterranean drive greensward descartes hyena tat simple crotch revery coyote ammeter alcoholism annum backplate bedimmed gosling caste discussant benight tragic mugho testimonial bewilder carmichael euphorbia abut headlight afterglow bangui anxious conserve hesperus hip began careful physique curb dialogue coin flit morgen utilitarian spoonful droop bmw ecumenist irishmen spouse birdseed bryn influenza girlie kivu factual warm stuffy instable kidde beautify tipsy premature identity leapt emerge adjudge sup disposable barkeep surname thunderstorm madhouse ronald adelia larvae abrasion czar jog damn afterglow aldermen brandish cynic chomp deliquesce annul amort amide background smack berenices burnish gratuitous dionysian chummy calvary coadjutor ohio abidjan helmut beefsteak embank krause hereby dragoon beneficent berra maier decor elastic revisal backspace capacitive acquiesce gullah supervisory edifice conquest aldrich competent rural roland coworker angeline bradbury codon velar churchill swede politic pyknotic birdwatch runic urethane delinquent agile elegiac albrecht impersonate audubon collegiate subjunctive alcestis angora anteater possession migrant minimax regressive lunary knightsbridge like respiratory blip evaluable alfonso junction studebaker penalty faustus progression fusillade extreme ajax yourselves conclude countryman imprecision incurrer uptown seaport eccentric expose camden baffin club equilibrate incriminate pharmacology remorseful volume blustery gibbs edwardine conch spot contextual gigawatt lithe gingko pigpen egotist merriam suspense contradictory blake cambric inscrutable atwater thimbu revival yow arhat calgary authenticate bloop billiken patrolmen franciscan summary predisposition microbial assurance biz petroleum hobbyhorse vide gluey byrne catatonic biz conway croft tenure grace denture hildebrand ordinate bakhtiari arose drummond konrad inoperative collocation  
SPAM Subject: re : mail authentification  bad gateway : the message has been attached .  + + + attachment : no virus found  + + + panda antivirus - www . pandasoftware . com  
HAM Subject: hpl nom for april 3 , 2001  ( see attached file : hplno 403 . xls )  - hplno 403 . xls
HAM Subject: eeos / ena  john / louise :  brian stanley and i discussed his proposal to consolidate the enron america development engineers under eeos . as you know , there is a lot of noise in the system with respect this topic that is detracting from productivity . i suggest that we need to make a definite decision on whether or not the ena tech services group will be consolidated into eeos or will they remain as a separate group under ena . the stakeholders in this decision include the power / gas origination teams ( e . g . duran , jacoby , calger , etc . ) the various technical groups , and rac . these groups should be consulted to ensure that whatever we do meets their requirements .  i have asked brian s . to arrange a meeting when he returns from his trip on or about june 11 th ( with louise on the phone ) to discuss . this will also ensure we get past some key dates in our construction projects .  regards ,  brian
HAM Subject: statistician position open  feel free to circulate this to get a statistician for us .  thanks ,  krishna
HAM Subject: hpl nom for january 4 , 2001  ( see attached file : hplnol 04 . xls )  - hplnol 04 . xls
HAM Subject: fw : enron ' s secrets revealed  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : rogers , rex  sent : tuesday , july 31 , 2001 7 : 58 am  to : denne , karen ; armogida , jim  subject : re : enron ' s secrets revealed  karen : i was out of town yesterday , and am just now getting your message . i will give you a call this morning to discuss . the thing that concerns me the most is the reference to " inside view " - - - - - if they have not talked to anyone at enron , or don ' t attribute the " inside view " to some credible former enron person , then it is misleading to call it an " inside view " . absent false statements or breaches of confidentiality , if this is nothing more than someone ' s opinion of enron and how it operates , then we probably can ' t stop them ( i ' m surprised that there is not more of this " stuff " ) . it would definately be helpful to get a copy of the report ( even if we have to pay for it ) ; without knowing what it says , it would be hard to say what action we can take . i will give you a call and we can discuss . thanks , rex .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : denne , karen  sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 1 : 31 pm  to : rogers , rex  subject : fw : enron ' s secrets revealed  rex - - apparently this organization is attempting to sell this report about enron that ' s purported to be an " inside view . " i called this morning and they never talked to anyone inside the company . the president of the company is supposed to call me back - - i want to get a copy of this report . but i wanted to send to you anyway . is there anything we can do to prevent them from marketing this ?  thanks !  kd  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : rosen , michael b .  sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 11 : 23 am  to : denne , karen  subject : fw : enron ' s secrets revealed  karen -  i ' m apparently on some spam email list . do you have any idea who these jokers are or have any interest in seeing what ' s on this report ?  mike  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : " global change associates " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 global + 20 change + 20 associates + 22 + 20 + 3 cpfusaro + 40 nirvanasoft + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ]  sent : saturday , july 28 , 2001 10 : 49 am  to : renee _ lewis @ kne . com  subject : enron ' s secrets revealed  how has enron managed to achieve such success while other energy firms have struggled to deal with the changing market landscape ?  global change associates is pleased to announce the publication of a new corporate profile entitled , " enron 2001 : an inside view " . this objective study takes an insider ' s look at enron , specifically , how the firm operates and the keys to its success . much of the information provided comes from first hand accounts and covers areas such as :  ? the firm ' s structure and operations  ? the recruitment and training of new employees  ? how enron empowers and compensates its employees  ? the keys to structuring enron type " risk free " transactions  ? how to negotiate with enron  ? why enron occasionally forgives counterparty obligations  ? is the enron model right for your organization ?  enron 2001 : an inside view is a unique publication . it provides valuable insight into the firm ' s operations and analyzes its successes and failures . for those firms dealing directly with enron , or thinking about adopting some of enron ' s business practices , it is an invaluable , must have tool .  this innovative study is available for purchase at $ 995 . 00 .  for a detailed table of contents please open the attached file , enron 2001 toc . to order please go to www . global - change . com , click on " reports " or complete the attached order form and fax to 212 - 625 - 8810 .  for more information on this product please contact alan m . herbst at 212 - 625 - 1711 or via email at info @ global - change . com .  to be removed from this distribution list , please reply with the word remove in the subject line .  - enron 2001 toc . pdf >  - enron 2001 order . pdf >
HAM Subject: volume changes  o ' neal ,  the following volume changes were made today :  deal # meter # zone from to effective  439825 9797 6 626 1000 3 / 24 - 3 / 31  439837 3543 3 808 1000 3 / 24 - 3 / 31  377169 9842 7 8034 0 3 / 23 - 3 / 26  bob
HAM Subject: new york , etc .  well . . . i am back and checking in with you .  several things :  1 ) russell ' s mom passed away on friday . funeral is tomorrow ( tuesday ) at 4 : 00 p . m . in lubbock , texas . i am trying to make arrangements to attend , but it doesn ' t look probable due to flights .  2 ) i want your input on canceling the ny trip . i appreciate your support in letting me proceed to this point . the remaining benefit was to get everyone together with you to calm the nerves and set a course . i understand you will not be able to attend . it seems there is a general public belief ( from pec & keyspan ) that many enron employees will not have a job after this week . if they believe that , it is entirely inappropriate to be doing anything celebratory or we will be deemed as ruthless . i want to make this call immediately . we have only spent an incremental $ 500 . 00 in the reviving of this event .  3 ) per my e - mail on 11 / 16 , i want to ensure that ena retains deirdre mccaffrey who is currently in the freight group . can we please move her into my group ?  4 ) a small investment firm has approached us with an inquiry into enovate . they want us to sign a confidentiality to discuss further . your thoughts . . .  5 ) per our conversation last week , i have not received any package at my home .  5 ) is there anything productive i can do to help you ?  laura
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 10 ;  start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122310 . txt
HAM Subject: pep for jean mrha  i regret to decline to review jean . i went through the form for her but was not able to provide nearly enough meaningful feedback to justify . i have worked a lot with jean over time , but mostly indirectly this period . we have had occasional interaction ( a couple brief meetings and a couple phone conversations ) about the development and status of the wellhead book . in addition , she did attend one of the inter - departmental wellhead book meetings that i hosted and we have collaborated on analysts / associates , but i have not really worked closely with her this period . she may feel that we have worked more together that we have based on the time i have spent with john grass and others related to the wellhead book , but my direct interaction with her has been minimal .  on the positive side , she has been very helpful by identifying good analysts / associates for me . she thinks highly of gas structuring as a rotation opportunity and she is one of my best advocates with the analysts / associates . she worked with me to let me take kelli little ( assoc ) when some of the deals she was working on were put on hold . furthermore , she has forwarded resumes and / or had individuals contact me several times this period .  on the negative side , i am not sure why she seemingly let john grass struggle so long in the development of the wellhead book . i know she championed the idea and sold the idea to the office of the chair , but from my perspective she gave the ball to john and turned her attention too quickly to other opportunities . the wellhead book is john ' s responsibility , but it ultimately rests with her . with john ' s relatively short time in ena and his lack of network , she could have aided in giving him more direction and support from the outset . to her credit she seems more engaged lately , especially with the producer 1 initiative .  i hope that helps . i would be happy to answer any questions you may have or discuss further as necessary .  regards ,  ed  ps . congratulations on the birth of your baby ! i hope you are enjoying the time off .
HAM Subject: buyback deals expire  daren ,  julie meyers sent me the list of buyback / sale / swing tickets  - i told her some expire 4 / 30 / 01 and asked if they were to be extended .  she didn ' t have any knowledge of any being extended to may - do you know who to ask ?  undertake sale swing  beaumont methanol 696599 696585 696594  union carbide 699730  valero 478227 454447  valero 478230 454455  valero 478229 454452  thanks - julie
HAM Subject: re : edith terry  vince :  thank you very much . i hope i get a chance to meet you sometime ,  cheers ,  edith terry  enron / dc  vince j kaminski @ ect  04 / 14 / 2000 01 : 46 pm  to : scott tholan / corp / enron @ enron  cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect ( bcc : edith terry / enron _ development )  subject : edith terry  scott ,  i spoke briefly with edith terry from our dc office . there is not a good fit  for my group  but she could be a great asset for you .  i have her resume in case you are hiring and would like to take a look at  her .  vince
HAM Subject: jaesoo lew  vince : jaesoo lew has just returned my phone call . he is interested in  meeting with you and your group , and would like to do so on wednesday ,  10 / 25 / 2000 . he had already made travel arrangements to fly to a conference  in seattle on 10 / 25 , but is willing to come here for the interviews first and  then travel from houston to seattle for the seminar . he did ask if we would  be willing to reimburse him for the additional cost of the ticket , and i told  him i was sure that you would consider it .  dr . lew asked that we schedule his flight into houston for some time after  6 : 00 pm on tuesday , 10 / 24 / 2000 . i will work on the travel arrangements  tomorrow morning , and keep you advised .  please call me with any questions ,  molly  x 34804
HAM Subject: basin production from ga 213  fyi ,  how would you want to handle for february nomination ?  vlt  x 3 - 6353  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 01 / 25 / 2001  11 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : brad blevins 01 / 25 / 2001 10 : 56 am  to : john peyton / hou / ect @ ect  cc : nick cocavessis / corp / enron @ enron , steve - hpl - schneider / hou / ect @ ect , pat  flavin / gco / enron @ enron , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , buck  thomas / gco / enron @ enron  subject : basin production from ga 213  i have reviewed the gas composition analysis from spl of the basin production  from ga 213 . while spl ' s analysis does show a dewpoint of around 20 degrees  f at 400 psig , it is both my and john handley ' s opinion that the gas from the  wellbore had stratified by the time that this sample was taken . we expect  the dewpoint of the flowing gas to be higher . however , this was the best  sample that could be obtained at the time . we have conferred with steve  schneider and we are willing to take this gas on a conditional basis over the  next couple of days . once the 6 " line has been pigged , the production flows  stablilized and mitchell ' s conditioning equipment lined out over the next  couple of days , hms will need to take another sample at the meter run and  have spl run an extended analysis with a dewpoint curve on an expedited  basis . should this sample indicate a dewpoint over 45 degrees f , then this  production will be shut in again until hydrocarbon dewpoint conditioning  equipment has been installed . in the meantime , hms needs to keep a close  watch on all southern union city gates on galveston island to monitor for  liquids fallout .
HAM Subject: re :  correct .  everyone is on board with this .  gp  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : puthigai , savita  sent : thursday , august 30 , 2001 12 : 18 pm  to : piper , greg  subject :  hi greg ,  just to make sure we are on the same page . here is what we came up with finally  i will report to you and stay on at least till the end of this year . in the meantime we will work on getting some more people trained in the operations area . brad will assume andy ' s role at enrononline by the end of this year . brad and i will work with the traders to prioritize functionality requests . at the end of the year i will have to option to move on to do something different .  all this will be effective tuesday since jay wants to wait for mark pickering to return . finally this has louise , john and your support .
HAM Subject: ethink about it : 01 / 15 / 01  have you read the latest espeak transcript ? check it out today and then cast  your vote on jeff ' s beard . send an e - mail to ethink @ enron . com with " keep  it ! " or " get rid of it ! " we ' ll pass your opinions along .  it ' s pop quiz time . what ' s orimulsion ? if you don ' t know , go read about it  in the idea vault on the thinkbank !  it ' s time for a new discussion on how to make enron the best company to work  for . go to emeet today and share your thoughts on this topic or on anything  else you ' d like to discuss .  start your new year off on a competitive foot . join the edge weekly to place  and find competitive information .  ethink . enron . com
HAM Subject: ena - tax department promotions / organization chart  i am very pleased to announce the following promotions in the ena tax  department . ( the department  , s organization chart is attached . )  morris clark : promotion to senior director . morris joined ena april 1997 .  prior to joining enron , he was an associate at bracewell & patterson for  almost four years . morris earned his law degree from tulane and llm in  taxation from nyu . prior to attending law school , morris worked for two  years at deloitte & touche .  john swafford : promotion to senior director . joined enron july 1996 . prior  to joining enron in july 1996 , worked as senior tax manager for deloitte &  touche , with prior experience with texaco . john received his bba from  university of texas at austin is a cpa .  matt gockerman : promotion to director . matt joined ena in 1997 . prior to  joining ena , matt was associated with coopers & lybrand in dallas and taft ,  stettinius & hollister , llp in cincinnati . he graduated from southern  methodist university with a bba in accounting and received his j . d . from the  university of north carolina school of law . matt is licensed as a cpa and is  also a member of the ohio bar .  rhett jackson : promotion to manager . rhett joined ena in october 1997 after  beginning his career with coopers & lybrand , llp in houston . rhett earned  his undergraduate accounting degree ( b . b . a . ) , masters of tax ( m . t . ) , and law  degree ( j . d . ) all from baylor university .  mark ng : promotion to manager . mark joined enron in september 1997 from air  liquide where he was an income tax supervisor . he is principally responsible  for management of r & a ' s federal and state income tax matters and special  projects relating to the asset companies . mark is a cpa and has a bs in  management and accounting from the university of houston .  troy kosub : promotion to tax supervisor . troy joined enron in july 1998 from  coastal corp . and will be joining our london colleagues to complete an  assignment relating to us reporting of foreign operations and other  international tax matters . troy is a cpa with a mba ( concentration in tax )  and a bba in accounting and finance both from the university of houston .  mary sontag : promotion to senior tax specialist . mary joined enron in  december 1997 and is principally responsible for the supervision of the  structured transactions and international group including the merlin  entities , enron merchant investments , sundance , east coast power , canada , and  mexico . mary graduated from southwest texas state university with a bba in  accounting .  harry kent : promotion to tax specialist . harry joined ena in january 1999  and is now principally responsible for the supervision of ena ' s federal and  state income tax matters relating to price risk management . harry is a cpa  and an attorney having graduated with a bba in accounting from texas a & m and  a jd from south texas college of law , respectively .  dan matheson : promotion to tax specialist . dan joined enron in october  1998 . dan graduated from the university of melbourne ( australia ) in 1998  with a bachelor of commerce and a bachelor of laws with honours . dan spent  the last year of his law degree studying at the university of texas law  school . dan is admitted as an attorney in the state of new york .  richard orellana : promotion to senior tax analyst . richard joined ena in  december 1998 from coastal corp . and is principally responsible for ecm  treasury , destec , ecogas and jedi related companies . richard is a cpa and  graduated from the university of houston with a bba in accounting and finance .
HAM Subject: initial meeting of the ena analyst and associate roundtable august  18 , 2000  just a reminder we will have the initial meeting of the ena / aa roundtable on  friday at 9 : 00 am in room eb 30 cl . again , the agenda is as follows :  discussion of prc  immediate and future aa needs by business unit  skill shortages  campus and off - cycle recruitment  mottom 10 % management  projecting aa needs from core schools for summer 2001 intake  existing talent in specialist roles who should be in aa program  ideas / suggestions on how we improve the program / ena retention  your groups need to be represented and if you can ' t attend please send  someone to represent you . those of you out of town need to call me if you  have any input . thanks again for all your support . ted
HAM Subject: conference call on friday , march 17 th  hello nick :  i agree e - mail is much easier .  there is a two - hour time difference between calif and texas , i . e . , 1 : 00 pm  texas time - 11 : 00 am calif time .  would tomorrow at 11 : 00 am calif time be ok with you ( 1 : 00 pm texas ) ?  this time is fine for vince , tom gros and stinson gibner .  can they call you and if so , what number ?  please let me know .  thanks !  shirley  713 - 853 - 5290  nick bambos on 03 / 16 / 2000 12 : 28 : 58 pm  to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com  cc : bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu  subject : re : visit to enron  shirley ,  it ' s easier to communcate by e - mail , since i am moving from  meeting to meeting ( but i have the laptop always with me ) .  please give me a phone number that i could call tomorrow .  what is the time difference between california and your  location ? i think it ' s 2 hours ( ca - > tx ) - is that right ?  i can do the conference call any time from 9 - 11 ca time .  would that be ok on your side ?  thanks ,  nick  vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :  >  > nick ,  >  > we can close the loop on our commitment to support the research projects  > before your visit to enron .  >  > my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will call you to set up a conference call  > with me , stinson gibner ,  > and tom gros from enron broadband services to discuss all the isssues .  > friday this week would work for  > both tom and me . i think we need about 15 minutes .  >  > vince  >  > p . s . shirley , nick ' s phone number is 650 796 8163 ( cell ) , 650 - 725 - 5525  > ( office ) .  >  > nick bambos on 03 / 12 / 2000 05 : 32 : 35 pm  >  > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu  > cc :  > subject : visit to enron  >  > hello vince ,  >  > it was nice seeing you at stanford and many thanks for the lunch  > we had together . i really enjoyed our discussions , both at the  > technical level and otherwise .  >  > i promised to send you an e - mail regarding possible dates for  > a visit to enron . i delayed it for a week till my schedule was  > clearer . let ' s see if we can get a match with your schedule -  > mine is rather terrible :  >  > friday , 21 st of april looks good . but april 23 rd is easter  > sunday , so that may make it difficult for some people at enron  > to be around . let me know if that is the case . i am willing to  > visit then , because the week after that i am scheduled to be in  > japan and in the previous weeks i am all committed on fridays .  >  > friday , 19 th of may is the next possibility , but this probably  > is too far out . the main problem is that i am operating within  > a window of opportunity for attracting top students for this  > research . this window closes by the end of april , and it would be  > important for the student support funds to be in place then , so  > that i can make hard commitments to students and attract top  > talent . i am already reviewing files of students who have  > approached me for phd advising , and i am in a mode of doing " soft  > commitments to star - level students " to get this research and its  > potential on their radar screen . top students are highly sought  > after by advisors and i want to be an early player in this  > competition .  >  > does my visit to enron have to happen before we can set up the  > project and student support at stanford ? if so , doing it before the  > end of april is important for getting top people . if the visit can  > happen after we get the ball rolling , then we can schedule it in may .  > i assume there will be multiple visits both ways when the project gets  > going . please let me know what you think .  >  > best regards ,  >  > nick
HAM Subject: please grant access : application request ( kker - 4 rrjnr )  security resource line item request kker - 4 rrjnr has been submitted for your  processing .  to view the request , double click your left mouse button on the notes  document link below .
HAM Subject: confirmation of your order  this is an automatic confirmation of the request you have placed using it  central .  request number : ecth - 4 ujn 5 l  order for : mitra mujica  1 x ( option : 128 mb upgrade for deskpro en 6600 $ 63 )  1 x ( standard desktop $ 905 ) enron it purchasing  * please send all status inquiries regarding this request to :  mailto : receiving & hardware @ enron . com
HAM Subject: bullets 9 / 15  pnm - the ferc accepted tw ' s new tariff filing for purchasing capacity on  pnm ' s blanco to rio puerco line ! ! ! the acceptance is conditioned by tw being  limited to acquire this off - system capacity to the apr - oct period and we must  file a report with the commission at the end of the 2 year period detailing  what impact , if any , this proposal has had on the market .  el paso blanco mis - measurement - el paso pipeline called this week and agreed  with tw that they had been erroneously calibrating their blanco meter for the  last several years and did in fact owe tw gas volume . they would like to  offset the balance owed tw against volume nng owes el paso . market services  is verifying the net volume figures . the settlement volume proposed by el  paso is 91 % of everything we requested . we will attempt to take the  approximately 651 , 000 mmbtu back at window rock over a 30 day period  beginning in october .  arizona public service - we have re - negotiated their ft agreement prior to  the rofr being triggered at the end of september . aps will renew its 8 , 000  mmbtu / d permian to needles agreement at the max rate for one year as well as  the provision if they release the capacity at greater than max rate , tw and  aps will share the upside 50 / 50 .  red cedar gathering - we received the signed letter agreement from red cedar  which commits them to full reimbursement of the capital expense necessary to  increase the arkansas loop meter from 200 , 000 mmbtu to 300 , 000 mmbtu / d . we  expect this meter increase to be completed and flowing in excess of the  current 200 , 000 mmbtu / d by january 1 , 2001 .  system expansions - we have updated our cost estimates and raroc for  expansions of the i - b link , blanco to thoreau and mainline segments of the  pipe . we will follow up with pnm today on cost comparisons . the tw  expansion appears to be more cost effective than pnm ' s .  the bp amoco / vastar merger is set for completion today . amoco will begin  marketing vastar ' s equity gas beginning 11 / 1 / 00 . amoco has expressed a high  level of interest on the remaining capacity from ignacio to blanco and from  red cedar to blanco for 2001 . they will provide a firm offer to tw next week .  line outages :  the september 13 th allocation due to compressor failure in tw ' s west of  thoreau area allowed for 42 , 0000 mmbtu of it volumes to flow from pg & e topock  to socal needles . revenue generated at max rate equaled $ 10 , 500 to partially  offset the commodity and fuel loss .  eog resources - eog executed the interconnect and operating agreement for the  15 , 000 mmbtu / d we expect from their new well . transwestern has initiated  landowner notifications which takes at least 30 days . we continue to  negotiate with eog on becoming a new shipper and taking firm transport on tw .  burlington resources val verde plant - tw ' s ability to accept the contracted  volume from the plant on a consistent basis continues to be an issue . high  temperatures and volume flow in the san juan region have reduced our  capacity . br is requesting relief to offset the monetary impact of gas that  was shut in or sold at lesser margins in other locations . we are working  with facility planning to determine what capital / equipment may be necessary  to meet our contractual demand .
HAM Subject: fw : mexico ' s slowing economy affects power generation growth - cera  monthly briefing  see attached file .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : webmaster @ cera . com [ mailto : webmaster @ cera . com ]  sent : wednesday , august 15 , 2001 9 : 01 pm  to : clients @ cera . com  subject : mexico ' s slowing economy affects power generation growth - cera  monthly briefing  title : mexico power markets : slowing economy pulls down power demand growth  url ( s ) :  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u = 35  mexico ' s slowing economy affects power generation growth  electricity production growth rates in mexico have slowed dramatically from  2000 levels as mexico ' s economy slows in line with that of the united states .  natural gas consumption by the power sector continues to grow at over 15  percent annually , however , as new combined - cycle power plants enter service .  many new capacity projects are also delayed , keeping the market tight through  the summer . mexico ' s longer - term power supply and demand balance will depend on  * successful completion of the pending power sector reform process  * sufficient new capacity through the independent power producer program to  bridge the transition from the current structure to a competitive market  * * end * *  follow url for complete monthly briefing ( 6 printed pages ) .  e - mail category : monthly briefing  cera knowledge area ( s ) : mexico gas & power  to make changes to your cera . com profile go to :  forgot your username and password ? go to :  http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot  this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information  from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is  confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying ,  distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments ,  in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited .  terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos  questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com  copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates
HAM Subject: re : " project doorstep " 30 - day reminder  progress report :  project cassandara has been completed and the draft report with identified  issues and allocated responsibilities / timescales is out for review . the  report will be finalised next week and will include defined timetables for  development work required to include all relevant exposures in cas .  donna lowry  06 / 01 / 2000 03 : 59 pm  sent by : michael neves  to : andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect  cc : richard lauer / hou / ect @ ect , donna lowry / hou / ect @ ect , sally  beck / hou / ect @ ect , rick l carson / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , john  sorrells / aa / corp / enron @ enron  subject : " project doorstep " 30 - day reminder  30 days remain prior to the target date specified in an open audit  observation . please click on the document link below , review the observation  / action step ( s ) / responsible person ( s ) , and provide completion / progress  report , updates , and revised target date , if any . note : each e - mail  represents a separate audit observation .  click on this link to view document - - >
HAM Subject: model effort in houston  christian ,  our spring / fall window of " < nactivity " is rapidly eluding us . . .  we need to get our internal model operational without delay .  along these lines , let ' s go ahead and plan your visit to houston as soon as  possible ,  but by all means get you in at least 4 weeks before hurricane season .  that would mean the month of may looks good .  please inform me what duties you could not perform from here to support the  sydney office ,  we ' ll figure out how to keep that office whole .  ( it ' s working without a hitch to have steve bennett in london , but continuing  his houston duties )  if the first week in may ( for the whole month ) will work , please respond asap  and we ' ll get housing arrangements finalized .  looking forward to your visit ,  - - - mike
HAM Subject: california capacity report for week of 02 / 25 - 03 / 01  transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 815 mmbtu / d ( 75 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 879 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 596 mmbtu / d .  el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 1790 mmbtu / d ( 61 % ) :  - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 534 mmbtu / d ( 47 % )  - socalehr , capacity 1250 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 804 mmbtu / d ( 64 % )  - socaltop , capacity 540 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 452 mmbtu / d ( 84 % )  thursday ' s posted gas daily prices :  socal gas , large pkgs 2 . 34 ( - . 005 )  pg & e , large pkgs 2 . 285 ( - . 015 )  tw san juan 2 . 18 ( - . 01 )  tw permian 2 . 295 ( + . 08 )
HAM Subject: re : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000  drogi panie andrzeju ,  probuje skontaktowac sie z jarkiem astramowiczem , by znalezc sposob  dofinansowania waszej imprezy .  jedyna mozliwosc , by to zrobic jest poprzez enron poland . mnie byloby  bardzo trudno usprawiedliwic to z mojego budzetu .  w . kaminski  " andrzej wodnicki " on 02 / 16 / 2000 02 : 50 : 05 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : aiesec polska - eurolds 2000  szanowny panie kaminski !  nazywam sie andrzej wodnicki i jestem czlonkiem stowarzysznia studentow  aiesec przy szkole glownej handlowej ( dawnej sgpis ) .  prosze o poswiecenie paru chwil na przeczytanie tego maila .  ( kontakt do pana otrzymalem od kolegi , ktory organizowal prezentacje firmy  enron na sgh , a posrednio od pana jarka astramowicza , przedstawiciela enron  na polske . )  w imieniu aiesec polska chcialbym zwrocic sie do pana z wielka prosba pomocy  przy wydarzeniu , ktore w tym roku organizujemy .  aiesec polska , a w szczegolnosci aiesec przy szkole glownej handlowej ma  zaszczyt organizowac w tym roku european leadership development seminar . jest  to seminarium na temat przywodztwa skierowne do obecnych i przyszlych  czlonkow rad wykonawczych komitetow lokalnych aiesec w calej europie .  po raz pierwszy aiesec polska ma mozliwosc organizacji takiego wydarzenia i  stanowi ono dla nas olbrzymie wyzwanie .  przygotowywalismy sie do niego od kilku lat i obecnie jestesmy juz w koncowej  fazie organizacji eurolds 2000 .  projekt rozpoczyna sie 7 marca 2000 roku oficjalnym otwarciem przez pana  prezydenta aleksandra kwasniewskiego w sali kongresowej . pozniej odbeda sie  dyskusje panelowe ( udzial wielu znakomitych gosci - m . in jan krzysztof  bielecki , jacek saryusz wolski , andrzej olechowski ) oraz wyklady i  prezentacje regionow polski w auli spadochronowej szkoly glownej handlowej , a  nastepnie delegaci udadza sie do hotelu mrongovia na szkolenia , casy i  wyklady na temat przywodztwa . ( szczegolowy program eurolds 2000 przesylam w  zalaczniku . )  jak do tej pory staralismy sie mozliwie najwiecej dokonac wlasnymi silami ,  jednak obecnie na 3 tygodnie przed tym wydarzeniem stoimy przed pewnym  problemem i stad tez pojawil sie pomysl skontaktowania pana , jako osoby ,  ktora moglaby nam wydatnie pomoc .  chcielibysmy poprosic pana o wsparcie finansowe .  wspolpracujemy juz z wieloma firmami i instytucjami ( m . in . deloitte & touche ,  arthur andersen , fundusz phare , fundacja konrada adenauera oraz wieloma  innymi ) , jednak na obecnym etapie organizacji projektu wciaz brakuje nam  12000 $ .  poczatkowo chcielismy nawiazac kontakt z pania eileen price z londynu , jednak  wydaje nam sie , ze pan jako zalozyciel aiesec w polsce powienien po pierwsze  o takim wydarzeniu wiedziec , a po drugie mamy nadzieje , ze moze nam pan pomoc .  bardzo prosze o odpowiedz ,  z powazaniem  andrzej wodnicki  prezydent eurolds 2000  aiesec szkola glowna handlowa  - attl . htm  - eurolds _ prezentacja . ppt
HAM Subject: a note being sent out under john sherriff ' s name - your thoughts on  the cover note ?  fernley / sally  off and on ( with jackie gentle ' s help ) i have pulled together a one page  communication note on our fundamental operating standards ( itself a one page  summary ) .  we are in the final stages of this process - where we draft a cover letter  for john which will introduce this for inclusion within globalflash ( the  enron europe newsletter )  have you any thoughts on draft or cover note ?  mike
HAM Subject: re : gwen koepke  i will see you on friday at 3 . if you would like for me to come before then ,  just let me know .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kaminski , vince  sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 3 : 01 pm  to : labbe , anne  cc : kaminski , vince  subject : re : gwen koepke  anne ,  thanks for contacting me about this .  as a matter of fact , i wanted to talk to you about it  today as this matter was outstanding for a long time .  i think we should go ahead and adjust gwen to manager ,  effective march 1 . the compensation would be her current base plus  10 k . this is what we typically do when we promote an associate to a manager .  such promotions take place in march and i think  gwen should not be penalized for the inefficiency of her management  ( i . e . my and maureen ' s procrastination ) .  on unrelated and more serious matter . gary hickerson is the primary client  for maureen ' s services . he communicated to me a few weeks ago that he is  unwilling to underwrite maureen ' s position ( he is in general unhappy with  her contribution ) . this means that maureen will have to find another sponsor  or leave enron .  given her abrasive and aggressive personality finding another internal  customer  will be quite a challenge .  gary volunteered to pay a very generous severance to maureen from his budget .  i would like to talk to you about it when you have a few minutes .  vince  from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 34 am  to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : gwen koepke  vince ,  just wanted to touch base with you . i have tried to contact maureen so that  gwen ' s title and salary can be adjusted to manager just as you requested , but  have not heard any response from her . would you like for me to wait until i  hear from maureen or should i go ahead and proceed in changing her title ? i  just want to make sure that gwen is in the right peer group during prc .  also , i am going to try and set up a meeting with you next week through  shirley to discuss any buring issues that you are experiencing , and your  expectations during prc .  thanks ,  anne
HAM Subject: jan . 01 sale to texas general land office  deal # 547201  texas general land office has called and is disputing that this sale is a  part of the month exchange deal for transport .  do we have the name of the trader at texas general land office that did this  deal with us ?  the sale was for 01 / 01 - 01 / 31 for 99 , 200 mmbtus at $ 9 . 82 .  thanks - katherine
HAM Subject: start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ;  start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011308 . txt
HAM Subject: organizational announcement  i am pleased to announce that jana domke has accepted the position of director , compensation for enron transportation services , effective august 1 , 2001 .  jana started with enron in may , 2000 and most recently has been director of compensation & benefits for enron wind . prior to joining enron , jana was a practice leader with , and director , international compensation & benefits for smith international . jana has 19 years of experience in both domestic and international compensation and benefits .  jana received her m . b . a . from the university of houston . she also has a bachelors degree from u of h in organizational behavior & management .  jana can be reached at ( 713 ) 853 - 6329 and her office location is ebl 156 . the ets compensation staff , including jana ' s direct reports , can be viewed on the attached organization chart .  please join me in welcoming jana to the ets team .
HAM Subject: relocation of energy operations personnel to level 21 this weekend  i just wanted to let everyone know that the groups listed below will be  relocating from level 25 to level 21 this weekend . i will send out a listing  of our new locations shortly and all of the people who are moving .  dept . head dept . name  mike eiben unify pops  stephen schwarz strategic operations  open unify mops  scott mills sitara  lisa cousino operational risk management ( transaction cost model )  steve venturatos regulatory compliance  steve venturatos texas - global contracts  steve venturatos texas - global facilities  please note that we have to be packed up by 5 : 00 today and will not be  available after that time until monday morning . if you have any questions ,  please call me . thanks .  lisa cousino  x 3 - 6343
HAM Subject: re : transwestern expansion  * * proprietary * *  michelle : thanks for sending this to me so quickly . i do have a couple more questions for you .  1 . what is the discount rate you will be using to calculate the npv in your open season ?  2 . can an affiliate of a company also place a bid for up to the volume available to needles ?  3 . how does the right of first refusal work ?  for example , when we spoke earlier i think you used an example of a $ 3 . 00 bid for 1 year getting equal value as a $ . 30 bid for 10 years ( adjusted for npv , of course ) and the winning party got a rofr . ( let ' s say the 1 year bid won ) . at the end of the year , is the rofr calculated on the $ 3 . 00 value the shipper holds the transport at or is it based on current market conditions . let ' s say the market value has collapsed and the market views this capacity as worth only $ . 28 / dth and the current shipper is willing to match that rate does that mean he can retain the capacity ? then for what term , whatever the market bids that piece for or will there be a set time the ( in years ) that the holder of the capacity will have to match regardless of what the bidder bids ?  i hope this example makes sense . if not , please give me a call to discuss at ( 303 ) 252 - 6224 .  thanks for your help .  terri dickerson  > > > " lokay , michelle " 04 / 17 / 01 12 : 09 pm > > >  transwestern pipeline company red rock expansion  from october 30 , 2000 to november 17 , 2000 , transwestern  posted a notice of open season . as a result of the response to the open  season , transwestern has filed for ferc authority to expand its mainline  by 150 , 000 mmbtu by a proposed in service date of june 2002 . the  project is known as the red rock expansion .  transwestern is continuing to solicit bids from open season  respondents as well as all other interested parties . interested parties  should submit bids conforming to the criteria listed below . the  deadline for bidding is friday , april 20 , 2001 at 5 : 00 p . m . cdt .  if you have questions or need further information , please  contact lorraine lindberg at ( 713 ) 853 - 5403 or your marketing  representative .  volume : 150 , 000 dth / day  points of delivery / receipt :  primary receipt points : east of thoreau  primary delivery points :  topock lateral capacity : 92 , 000 mmbtu  - available point capacity : pge / topock , poi # 56698  ( 126 , 000 mmbtu )  mojave topock , poi # 56696 , ( 280 , 000 mmbtu )  calpine / southpoint , poi # 78113 ( 76 , 000 mmbtu )  other delivery points : southwest gas , poi # 78003 ( 86 , 000 mmbtu )  citizens / griffith , poi # 78069 ( 120 , 000 mmbtu )  subject to availability of  additional delivery point  capacity :  socal needles , poi # 10487 ( 50 , 000 mmbtu )  awarding capacity  1 . written offers must include material terms ( rate , term , points ,  quantity ) . shipper should indicate whether it will accept partial  volume in the event allocation is necessary .  2 . shippers ' binding bids must be accompanied by a valid request for  gas transportation service form .  3 . shippers submitting bids containing terms or conditions unacceptable  to transwestern shall not be accepted .  4 . if the total volume of all bids received by transwestern exceeds the  capacity of the proposed expansion , transwestern will award the capacity  based on the highest net present value bid ( calculated consistent with  the net present value provisions of transwestern ' s tariff ) .  5 . in the event of a tie , the capacity shall be awarded on a pro rata  basis .  6 . transwestern reserves the right to reject any bid less than the  maximum tariff rate , or any bid that would cause the red rock expansion  to be uneconomic .
HAM Subject: offsite  it was a great event all around . the accommodations could not have been nicer , the structure was very conducive for making and / or growing relationships and the business meetings were most informative and stimulating . thanks for hosting the event and for your leadership !  sincerely ,  ed
HAM Subject: xms - new system  effective : we have a new system to prepare expense reports called :  expense reporting system : xms  in order for us ( your assistants ) to prepare your expense reports you will  need  to log on the system and give us your permission . i will provide you step by  step  instructions to do so . i will make it as easy as possible . it is very  important  that you do this otherwise we will not have access or permission .  ( 1 ) logging on to the system :  log on to xms . enron . com and enter your logon id and password .  ( your log on id is your po 0 # or your nt id and your  password is enron )  ( 2 ) selecting approver and administrative assistant  select my info button - then go to concur expense tab and  select workflow .  click on the spyglass to pick your approver ( your  manager ) then your administrative asst .  be sure to save your selection .  ( 3 ) changing your password  select my info button - then select my profile - then change  password  ( type in your old password twice ) ( if you forget your  password call 31411 . )  ( 4 ) creating an expense report ( if you decide you would like to prepare your  own expense report )  select my workspace tab , then create expense report . fill  in required fields .  select next button  ( 5 ) approving a report  an email message will notify you of a report pending your  approval . you can click on the hotlink  to logon to xms system . approve at summary level by clicking  on the approval button for the  home page . or double click on the title of the expense report  to preview the details .  to learn more go to the xms web page : http : / / xms . enron . com
HAM Subject: devil ' s tower update  louise ,  i spoke with tom byargeon this morning while he was at the offshore technical conference . he has spoken with rick fowler , dominion , and plans on visiting him in new orleans next week . the highlights from the conversations are as follows :  ? by the end of this week or next , he will have information on two more total depth wells that have been drilled . based on the rumor mill , the reserves associated with the devil ' s tower acreage are looking even more promising . however , nothing is definite until all data is received .  ? based on the well data , rick has three financing options :  ? negotiate exclusively with a company like enron  ? synthetic lease financing with a commercial bank  ? rebid  ? since dominion is now 80 % owner in devil ' s tower ( bought out mariner ' s 20 % ) , the credit profile of the project looks better . ( pioneer is the other 20 % . ) rick realizes his mistake going with a company that has no equity backing and has egg on his face with upper management . my concern is that based on his experience , he will take the easy way out and align himself with a commercial bank .  ? enron has the following in their favor :  ? convergent and enron ' s bid were very similar except convergent had aker . ( dominion wanted a guarantee of an aker spar . ) tom has spoken with bob o ' sullivan from aker and he is interested in aligning himself with enron . as such , we can bring aker back to the table .  ? dominion wants to spend dollars on " steel " for the project by the end of june . as such , dominion will have to make a decision quickly because it will affect whether devil ' s tower becomes an on - balance or off - balance sheet transaction . i think that dominion would prefer an off balance sheet deal .  ? dominion won ' t rebid because the other counterparties were not competitive relative to enron or convergent .  so , i think our true competition is against a commercial bank for synthetic lease financing . either way , we will have an answer quickly and since the gossip on convergent is out , i think it will stregthen our position on other spar bids ( ie . , medusa ) .  regards , mrha
HAM Subject: phone number  greg w . wants us to use new phone numbers for the help desk , etc .  unless i hear otherwise from you tomorrow , i will proceed with preparing our documents with the new help desk number .  dave  p . s . i realise i have been emailing you a lot . please let me know if you would like me to cut down - i ' m never sure whether i ' m overcommunicating or not .
HAM Subject: hedge effectiveness test for fair value hedges  gentlemen :  we have had favorable responses regarding the use of our volatility  reduction method ( roger , i ' ve attached a copy of our article in case you  hadn ' t seen it ) . however , there continued to be a quibble about how to  create the set of data points that would be inputs into the testing process .  last week the consulting arm of a " big five " accounting firm indicated that  the following method proposed by us would be acceptable . we believe this  method overcomes the statistical problems that arise from using interest  rate differences from overlapping ( " rolling " ) quarters .  method :  1 ) calculate daily yield curve changes expressed as ratios , using historical  rates from the most recent , say , two years . ( note : no overlap ) . this  results in a set of around 494 vectors of ratios ( approximately 247 trading  days per  year ) .  example :  if the first three yield curves in the historical set look like this :  19980801 6 . 5 6 . 6 6 . 7 . . . . . . . . . 7 . 2  19980802 6 . 3 6 . 3 6 . 6 . . . . . . . . . 6 . 9  19980803 6 . 6 6 . 8 6 . 9 . . . . . . . . . 7 . 1  then the change from 8 / 1 / 98 to 8 / 2 / 98 is :  6 . 3 / 6 . 5 6 . 3 / 6 . 6 6 . 6 / 6 . 7 . . . . . . . . . . 6 . 9 / 7 . 1  and the change from 8 / 2 / 98 to 8 / 3 / 98 is :  6 . 6 / 6 . 3 6 . 8 / 6 . 3 6 . 9 / 6 . 6 . . . . . . . . . 7 . 1 / 6 . 9  2 ) randomly select 62 of these " ratio " vectors ( approx . 62 trading days in a  quarter ) .  3 ) multiply these ratio vectors together to get a single vector ( ie , the 62  6 mo ratios are multiplied together , the 62 lyr ratios are multiplied  togeter , etc . ) . the result represents a single quarterly yield curve  transformation . apply it to " today ' s " yield curve . the resulting yield  curve represents one simulated quarterly change in interest rates  4 ) repeat steps 2 and 3 until an adequate number of yield curves are  generated , say 100 .  5 ) proceed with testing process .  i would be interested in your comments .  leslie abreo  andrew kalotay associates , inc .  61 broadway , ste 3025  new york ny 10006  phone : ( 212 ) 482 0900  fax : ( 212 ) 482 0529  email : leslie . abreo @ kalotay . com  visit aka ' s website at http : / / www . kalotay . com  - fasl 33 article . pdf
HAM Subject: enron in action 11 . 20 . 00  nutcracker tickets fabulous seats for the final nutcracker full dress  rehearsal - including founders ' box seats - are available for  wednesday , november 22 , 7 : 30 p . m . at the wortham theater . supply is  limited , so buy your ticket soon  for a first peak at the highlight of the holiday performance season . tickets  are only $ 10 ! they ' re first come first serve  and are available in eb 407 .  free popcorn at bring a book to the movies and get free popcorn ! enron ' s  prescription for reading book drive is on saturday ,  the movies ! november 25 , noon to 4 : 00 p . m . bring a new or gently used  children ' s book to one of the following cinemark  theaters on november 25 . with your gift , you will receive a small popcorn to  enjoy during the release of disney ' s  102 dalmatians , or any other great movie !  cinemark 24 westchase - 3600 sam houston parkway  cinemark 16 - 12920 northwest freeway  cinemark 16 - pasadena  cinemark 18 - 20915 gulf freeway  enron ' s prescription for reading program , a reach out you  will receive a coupon for a free chic - fil - a sandwich with the purchase of a  bowl game ticket at big e ! entertainment  will be provided by the gary - dahl band , with special appearances by the  grinch !  foley ' s friday change houston 2000 , a city - wide campaign benefiting search ,  will be at 14 foley ' s locations around houston  volunteers ! on november 24 - the day after thanksgiving . volunteers are  needed to help collect money , " cheerlead " shoppers to  donate , and hand out information about search . this is an excellent  opportunity for friends and family to get  together during the biggest shopping day of the year and give back to the  community . please contact stephanie  harris at 713 - 739 - 7752 ext . 142 for more information . come out and have a  wonderful time !  mfa volunteers for you are invited to the museum of fine arts corporate  partner holiday party on december 12 from 7 : 00 p . m .  holiday party to 9 : 00 p . m , but volunteers are needed to help with fun and  exciting preparations ! the party is free for all corporate  partner company employees and their families . in addition to helping out  with face - painting , escorting guests , and  assisting with photographers and santa claus throughout the night , the party  features seasonal decor ,  holiday craft projects , and delicious desserts ! contact india  kerr - perkinson at 713 - 639 - 7570 for more information  and or click here to print out the volunteer form .  enron kids holiday we still have a few students that need caring enron  sponsors ! come participate with enron kids , a program  fun ! that helps provide books and equipment for schools in need . sponsor a  student or team up with co - workers or your  department to provide a bag full of holiday cheer to an hisd burrus  elementary student ! a shopping committee  can shop for you if your schedule does not give you the time . sign - ups are :  november 14 , 16 , 17 : 11 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m . sponsor sign - up in the enron  building lobby  november 15 : 11 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m . sponsor sign - up in 3 ac 601  november 15 : 11 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m . sponsor sign - up in jefferson  bldg . ground floor conference room  gift drop - offs will be on december 4 - 8 , and the holiday party for enron kids  will be at burrus elementary on thursday ,  december 14 , with transportation available to sponsors . for more  information , contact geneva davis at ext . 35517  or leslie campbell at ext . 35983 .  ceridian lifeworks celebrations . travel . traditions . shopping .  expectations . memories . with all the anticipation , and all your  helps your holidays ! obligations at work and home , sometimes it can be hard  to stop and really enjoy the holidays . that ' s why lifeworks  is here to help you . for some great tips , access lifeworks by calling  800 - 635 - 0606 or visit lifeworks online at  www . lifeworks . com ( company id : enron , password : 2000 ) .  flu vaccine the flu vaccine is scheduled to arrive before december 1 . due to  its limited supply , you are encouraged to  update email your vaccine request as soon as possible to  health _ center @ enron . com . you will be notified by  email when the vaccine is available .
HAM Subject: tenaska iv  the attached memo is being forwarded at the request of jeff hodge .  joanne rozycki  senior administrative assistant  enron north america corp .  1400 smith street , eb 3880 d  houston , tx 77002  phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 5968 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3490  email : joanne . rozycki @ enron . com
HAM Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure  start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .
HAM Subject: internal ownership of enron americas assets  i have suggested a slightly edited version of the draft policy . i think classifying assets qualifying for transfer as " problem " and / or " orphan " may clarify the criteria . also , i am assuming that the intent is to except energy capital resources assets from the policy and have so indicated . on the other hand , as written , the policy would apply to principal investing assets .
HAM Subject: nui corp  thanks for the reply on the other memo . i thought you might want to see this information as well - - it ' s regarding the likelihood of under - collection on the part of nui . if you have any questions , please ask .  ed  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ed mcmichael / hou / ect on 03 / 30 / 2001 01 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ed mcmichael  03 / 30 / 2001 10 : 30 am  to : tanya rohauer / enron @ enronxgate , rudwell johnson / enron @ enronxgate , bradford larson / enron @ enronxgate , david gorte / enron @ enronxgate , william s bradford / enron @ enronxgate  cc : mark breese / hou / ect @ ect , steve montovano / na / enron @ enron , frank w vickers / na / enron @ enron , john craig taylor / hou / ect @ ect  subject : nui corp  the attached information is from steve montovano , enron corp . vp governmental . / regulatory affairs . this information applies to all gas utilities in new jersey , including elizabethtown gas company , the largest gas utility in the nui corp . group of companies . i hope this information will help expedite your evaluation process . thanks for your help with this deal . if you have any questions , please ask .  regards ,  ed  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ed mcmichael / hou / ect on 03 / 30 / 2001 10 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  steve montovano @ enron  03 / 30 / 2001 09 : 47 am  to : ed mcmichael / hou / ect @ ect , mark breese / hou / ect @ ect  cc : frank w vickers / na / enron @ enron , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron  subject : nui corp  confidential information  ed / mark - in follow - up to our telephone conversation this am regarding nui ' s ability to pay for gas purchases that they will make this summer and pay for next winter i offer you the following information regarding nui ' s most recent levelized gas cost adjustment ( lgac ) proceeding just concluded at the board of public utilities ( bpu ) :  the nj bpu ordered on march 15 , 2001 the following :  the lgac is nui ' s regulatory mechanism in which they recover all of their natural gas costs ;  nui will increase its current gas costs from roughly $ 6 . 70 dth to $ 7 . 20 between april 01 and july 01 ;  they will be allowed to continue to defer any underrecovered gas costs until 10 / 31 / 01 , at which time they will file a " compliance " filing with the bpu no later than 11 / 15 / 01 ;  the compliance filing will set out a three year amortization schedule to recover the underrecovered gas cost balance as of 10 / 31 / 01 and will include interest at 5 . 5 % ;  nui will also at that time ( 11 / 01 ) file a new new levelized gas cost adjustment ( lgac ) , if the $ 7 . 20 is not sufficient to avoid future gas cost underrecoveries ;  although that additional increase , if needed , is not officially granted at this time it does not concern your deal because your deal is inside the test period which was approved . secondly , the precedence has been set for recovery with interest , with this current order ;  the 1999 nj deregulation act helped nui get the carrying costs on the underrecovered balance in that it called for " full and timely " recovery of gas costs for all nj ldc ' s ;  unfortunately , the bpu has not yet issued the order , so i cannot send it to you , however that is typical of this board and may not be issued for some time , at which point i will forward it to you ;  it is important to note for precedence arguments that this order is a bpu order of a contested case , not a settlement and applies to all nj ldc ' s ;  should you wish to discuss this matter further please call me . note that i will be out of the office for two weeks beginning monday and can reached through chauncey .  steve
HAM Subject: resume for chris pernoud  molly ,  we want to hire this very bright young man as a part - time employee ,  reporting to mike roberts . mike will be contacting you regarding the details .  vince  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001  10 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " chris pernoud " on 01 / 24 / 2001 09 : 21 : 11 am  please respond to  to : " michael roberts " , " vincent kaminski "  , " shirley crenshaw "  cc :  subject : resume for chris pernoud  gentlemen ,  thank you for your time and consideration yesterday . i am excited about  working for enron and gladly accept your offer .  to reiterate our consensus today , i will be working an average of 10 hours a  week , mostly early mornings from around 5 to 7 . another option for me might  be to work mondays , wednesdays , and fridays from around 5 to 8 or 9 .  toni graham was my contact in hr six months ago . she is probably more  familiar with my previous file than anyone else . if you have any questions  or concerns please don ' t hesitate to contact me .  thank you ,  chris pernoud  = = = = = = = = = = = = = =  christopher pernoud  7315 brompton rd .  apt . 231 b  houston , tx 77025  ( 713 ) 349 - 8963  cgpl @ cornell . edu  - chrispernoud . doc
HAM Subject: carthage ( american central ) nomination  daren ,  did things work out here . do you still need to talk with me about it .  ami  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 06 / 2000  08 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " steve holmes " on 06 / 01 / 2000 04 : 15 : 11 pm  to :  cc :  subject : carthage ( american central ) nomination  chad called and said you guys are requestiing approximately 74 , 000 mmbtu  effective june 1 . i show the number should be 72 , 240 mmbtu / d . could you  please check into this and let me know what ' s going on ?  thanks ,  steve
HAM Subject: trailblazer / beatrice solicitation of interest  fyi , in case any of these shippers may be interested in coming into tw .  thanks , kim .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kimberly watson / et & s / enron on 11 / 01 / 2000  01 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  rosemary gracey  11 / 01 / 2000 10 : 29 am  to : michael bodnar / et & s / enron @ enron , bob burleson / et & s / enron @ enron , morgan  gottsponer / et & s / enron @ enron , vernon mercaldo / et & s / enron @ enron , kent  miller / et & s / enron @ enron , sue m neville / et & s / enron @ enron , kay  threet / et & s / enron @ enron , mike ullom / et & s / enron @ enron , joni  bollinger / et & s / enron @ enron , eileen peebles / et & s / enron @ enron , john  fiscus / et & s / enron @ enron , larry swett / et & s / enron @ enron , steve  gilbert / et & s / enron @ enron , janet bowers / et & s / enron @ enron , loren  penkava / et & s / enron @ enron , dana jones / et & s / enron @ enron , chuck  wilkinson / et & s / enron @ enron , jim wiltfong / et & s / enron @ enron , chris  sebesta / et & s / enron @ enron , larry pavlou / et & s / enron @ enron , jo  williams / et & s / enron @ enron , craig buehler / et & s / enron @ enron , stephen  herber / et & s / enron @ enron , bill mangels / et & s / enron @ enron , penny  mccarran / et & s / enron @ enron , neal shaw / et & s / enron @ enron , john  dushinske / et & s / enron @ enron , ken powers / et & s / enron @ enron , rockey  storie / et & s / enron @ enron , allen cohrs / et & s / enron @ enron , stephanie  korbelik / et & s / enron @ enron , david badura / et & s / enron @ enron , karen  lagerstrom / et & s / enron @ enron , steve kirk / et & s / enron @ enron , tony  perry / et & s / enron @ enron , frank semin / et & s / enron @ enron , bob  stevens / et & s / enron @ enron , lisa valley / et & s / enron @ enron , mike  barry / et & s / enron @ enron , don powell / et & s / enron @ enron , miriam  martinez / et & s / enron @ enron , dave neubauer / et & s / enron @ enron , ld  stephens / et & s / enron @ enron , martha janousek / et & s / enron @ enron , kimberly  watson / et & s / enron @ enron , steve weller / et & s / enron @ enron , tim  johanson / et & s / enron @ enron , michael g stage / et & s / enron @ enron , laura  lantefield / et & s / enron @ enron , frank oldenhuis / et & s / enron @ enron , jeff  nielsen / et & s / enron @ enron , tracy schwartzkopf / et & s / enron @ enron , sean  bolks / et & s / enron @ enron , john williams / et & s / enron @ enron , bill  fowler / et & s / enron @ enron , theresa branney / et & s / enron @ enron , reyna  cabrera / et & s / enron @ enron , pilar ramirez / et & s / enron @ enron , linda  wehring / et & s / enron @ enron , deb cappiello / et & s / enron @ enron , connie  hook / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , steven  harris / et & s / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : trailblazer / beatrice solicitation of interest  a message from jo williams  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rosemary gracey / et & s / enron on 11 / 01 / 2000  10 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : jo williams 11 / 01 / 2000 10 : 24 am  to : rosemary gracey / et & s / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : trailblazer / beatrice solicitation of interest  we plan to post the following notice friday , november 3 or monday , november  6 , concerning a potential expansion of the tbpl point .  we will also be publicizing this notice in gas daily and will be sending a  letter to a few customers that bring in gas on tbpl now and plan to be part  of the tbpl expansion .  let me know if you have questions . my phone number is 398 - 7707 .
HAM Subject: re : may activity survey  thanks , daren ,  these are the only stats that we need for now .  shari
HAM Subject: 98 - 1052 and 98 - 1534 ( k extensions )  daren ,  i ' m attempting to clean up my allocations , due to this being allocation close  week for volume management .  98 - 1534 ( delivery meter ) overflowed into march , day 1 only , for . 30  decatherms ( sitara deal # 163005 - start date 2 / 1 / 2000 and stop daate  2 / 29 / 2000 ) . the 215 k is the only one at this meter for feb . 2000  production . i don ' t see a new sitara deal number being referenced nor do i  see the evergreen flag applied here . please apprise if you can extend the  ticket for this small amount for 3 / 1 / 2000 or if you want it handled  differently .  98 - 1052 ( delivery meter ) , allocated flow for 2 / 21 - 2 / 24 / 2000 with no k  applied . days 22 and 23 for february references the 215 k ( sitara deal  # 168884 start date 2 / 22 / 2000 stop date 2 / 23 / 2000 . sitara deal # 201636 has  the same start and stop date as 168884 and neither references an evergreen  flag or a new deal number ) .  thanks  - jackie -  3 - 9497
HAM Subject: organization announcement  effective immediately , reporting responsibility for global strategic sourcing  ( gss ) will move from enron net works to enron corp . george wasaff , managing  director , will report directly to rick causey , executive vice president and  chief accounting officer for enron . gss , formed february 1 , 2000 , will  continue to focus on supply - chain management world - wide for enron . we  believe this change in reporting will leverage and enhance gss ' s global reach  and effectiveness while allowing enw to focus on its core mission of creating  new electronic market places .
HAM Subject: weekly fan fares  delta fan fares for february 3 - february 6 , 2001  hello mr farmer !  welcome to this week ' s version of delta fan fares . for the uninitiated , it ' s  an incredible e - mail program for delta customers who want to get away from it  all and enjoy events and activities in cities across the country .  before you start packing , remember that you ' ll need your skymiles number ,  2341930101 , to take advantage of this exclusive online offer . these fares  are for round - trip travel with a saturday departure and a return on either  monday or tuesday .  from this week ' s list , find a trip that you can ' t afford to miss . then follow  this link to purchase your delta ticket online :  professional basketball  purchase a fan fare and support your favorite basketball team on the road  this coming weekend .  charlotte at phoenix  - - charlotte , nc ( clt ) phoenix , az ( phx ) - $ 178  cleveland at boston  - - cleveland , oh ( cle ) boston , ma ( bos ) - $ 128  denver at washington  - - denver , co ( den ) washington national , dc ( dca ) - $ 168  indiana at milwaukee  - - indianapolis , in ( ind ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 88  new york at miami  - - new york - kennedy , ny ( jfk ) miami , fl ( mia ) - $ 148  golden state at dallas  - - oakland , ca ( oak ) dallas - fort worth , tx ( dfw ) - $ 168  portland at los angeles ( clippers )  - - portland , or ( pdx ) los angeles , ca ( lax ) - $ 138  seattle at utah  - - seattle , wa ( sea ) salt lake city , ut ( slc ) - $ 128  professional hockey  the all - star game is in denver this sunday . come see the league ' s best  players heat up the ice .  - - idaho falls , id ( ida ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 118  - - los angeles , ca ( lax ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 138  - - portland , or ( pdx ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 138  - - sacramento , ca ( smf ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 138  - - salt lake city , ut ( slc ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 108  - - seattle , wa ( sea ) denver , co ( den ) - $ 148  senior pga tour  action moves to the royal caribbean classic at crandon park golf club in key  biscayne , florida . enjoy some golf while spending the weekend in the south  florida sun .  - - new york - kennedy , ny ( jfk ) miami , fl ( mia ) - $ 148  - - tallahassee , fl ( tlh ) miami , fl ( mia ) - $ 118  arts and entertainment  fan fares gives you the chance to spend some time in a city you might not  otherwise visit . this weekend , enjoy yourself in milwaukee .  travel to milwaukee  a friendly city with a decidedly sophisticated air , this midwestern gem  offers plenty of art and cultural events , nightlife , and beautiful lakeside  parks . and there ' s plenty to do indoors in milwaukee , so don ' t let the  february weather keep you away .  in addition to the professional basketball action on saturday night ( indiana  comes to town to play milwaukee ) , here ' s a few other ideas to get your  planning started .  the haggerty museum of art  located on the western end of downtown on the marquette university campus ,  the museum ' s collection includes works by dali , chagall and man ray . you ' ll  also find an impressive collection of sculpture and contemporary glass .  the milwaukee public museum  this museum of human and natural history is one of the nation ' s best and  often sets the standard for similar institutions . everyone in the family will  enjoy the engaging exhibits . you ' ll find 150 , 000 square feet of exhibit  space , through which you ' ll be able to visit all of the world ' s continents .  find the museum and the humphrey imax dome theater at 800 west wells street .  - - atlanta , ga ( atl ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128  - - birmingham , al ( bhm ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128  - - charleston , sc ( chs ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138  - - cincinnati , oh ( cvg ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 98  - - huntsville , al ( hsv ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128  - - jackson , ms ( jan ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138  - - jacksonville , fl ( jax ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138  - - lexington , ky ( lex ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 108  - - little rock , ar ( lit ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128  - - macon , ga ( mcn ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138  - - montgomery , al ( mgm ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138  - - nashville , tn ( bna ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 118  - - new york - la guardia , ny ( lga ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138  - - pensacola , fl ( pns ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 138  - - washington - national , dc ( dca ) milwaukee , wi ( mke ) - $ 128  your weekend starts here !  want to take advantage of any of these great delta fan fares ? click below !  delta reservations  to make delta reservations from delta ' s home page , visit :  fares do not include a $ 2 . 75 federal excise tax which will be imposed on each  flight segment of your itinerary . a flight segment is defined as a takeoff  and a landing .  service : some services may be provided by the delta connection carriers :  atlantic coast jet , atlantic southeast airlines , comair and skywest .  terms and conditions  restrictions : seats are limited and fares may not be available on all days or  all flights .  purchase requirements : fares must be purchased via delta ' s web site  ( delta . com ) only .  ticketing period : tickets must be purchased by 02 / 03 / 01 .  travel period : outbound travel is permitted on saturday 02 / 03 / 01 only .  inbound travel is permitted on monday 02 / 05 / 01 or tuesday 02 / 06 / 01 only .  blackout dates : none .  minimum / maximum stay : minimum stay : saturday night . maximum stay : 3 days .  fare validity : fares are valid in the economy ( coach ) cabin on delta / delta  connection / delta express . all fares are round trip .  changes / upgrades / standby : all fares are nonrefundable . changes - prior to  departure : value of fare may be applied to any applicable published delta  fare less a $ 75 service charge . after departure : no changes are permitted .  special offers issued on delta ' s web site may not be applied to other web  fares on delta . com . credit vouchers cannot be used for payment for tickets  purchased on delta . com . same day standby is allowed .  taxes / fees : fares do not include government imposed transportation taxes and  other applicable fees , including segment fees ( $ 2 . 75 per segment ) , and  passenger facility charge ( s ) of up to $ 18 . these fees are the responsibility  of the passenger and must be paid at the time of ticketing .  miscellaneous : fares are subject to change without notice . other restrictions  may apply .  subscribe / unsubscribe  you have received this e - mail because your e - mail preferences indicate you  would like to receive delta fan fares information . to modify your e - mail  options , or unsubscribe from this service , please visit the following link  and enter your skymiles account number and pin . you will then be able to  update your preferences in our e - mail programs section .  copyright information  this e - mail message and its contents are copyrighted and are  proprietary products of delta air lines , inc . any unauthorized  use , reproduction , or transfer of this message or its contents ,  in any medium , is strictly prohibited .  this is a post only e - mail . please do not respond to this message .  
HAM Subject: re : limit violations and notifications process  dear cassandra ,  thanks for the message . i believe it if fully understood by us and the  individual risk management groups that explanations must be validated by the  traders . are you in addition saying that your group ( who has been very  helpful in the past ) will no longer help us understand the cause of  violations / notifications ? to me , this appears contrary to a team spirit  attitude , and not reflective of what you and i and vlady and i had discussed  earlier today . also , we are working toward getting the memos out earlier ,  and this is a real set back to that process .  thoughts ?  to : shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , michael benien / corp / enron @ enron , chris  abel / hou / ect @ ect , daniel falcone / corp / enron @ enron  cc : veronica valdez / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect  subject : limit violations and notifications process  shona -  to share with the others our telephone discussion , the notification template  was not my request , it was requested directly by skilling . i know your group  is working hard to meet mangagement expectations , and in accordance with your  request below , market risk is happy to help you transition into this revised  reporting format by reviewing the template prior to your distribution until  you are comfortable with the reporting requirements . the new p / l  notification limits and limit changes that will be in effect next tuesday  should dramatically decrease the number of notifications , so that should  help . it probably makes sense to re - distribute the policy to your business  unit controllers and the traders so they understand the policy requirements .  another issue that we discussed yesterday is the source of the violation  explanations . these should be provided to you by the head trader of that  commodity group . under the policy , that commodity group manager is  responsible for compliance with the risk management policy for the  commodities under his responsibility , along with the head of the energy ops  for that commodity group . if the traders are not providing these  explanations to you or to your counterparts ( ops desk head / business unit  controller ) , i ' ll be happy to send them an e - mail explaining their compliance  obligation under the policy . why don ' t you talk to each of the business unit  controllers , consider whether a process is already in place for this feedback  ( as i understand it is for global products , for example ) , and if you ' d like  me to send an e - mail to whoever you ' re having difficulty with , i will - just  let me know who . our market risk desk heads will be happy to review their  explanations , but the problem is , they can see whether they ' re short or long  and how the market moved in comparison , but it ' s the trader that can and  should explain why they took a position , whether they ' re adjusting it based  on the market moves , etc . .  let me know what else i can do to help streamline the process .  regards ,  cassandra .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cassandra schultz / na / enron on 12 / 07 / 2000  09 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : shona wilson 12 / 07 / 2000 09 : 42 am  to : cassandra schultz / na / enron @ enron  cc : michael benien / corp / enron @ enron , chris abel / hou / ect @ ect , daniel  falcone / corp / enron @ enron , veronica valdez / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : 12 / 5 limit violations and notifications - comments  dear cassandra ,  in looking at the comments below there are several errors made buy us , one in  the template itself , and some suggestions . at your request , we have started  to prepare this in addition to the normal word violation / notification memos  and our other work . as you have certain requests and requirements , it would  be helpful for someone in your group to review it before it went out to  ensure it meets your requirements .  please let me know if this is workable and who the reviewer should be .  thanks ,  shona  to : michael benien / corp / enron @ enron , chris abel / hou / ect @ ect , shona  wilson / na / enron @ enron , daniel falcone / corp / enron @ enron  cc : veronica valdez / hou / ect @ ect  subject : 12 / 5 limit violations and notifications - comments  i realize this has already gone out , but i see a few errors that we should  correct - and actually , i think we should call skilling and lay ' s ( and  buy ' s ) assistants ( veronica will handle this ) and see if we can just hand  deliver to them a corrected version early this morning , e - mail is ok for ted ,  david and i . i have a few other suggestions on format / reporting changes as  well .  the na power var of $ 51 mm was not 105 % over its var limit of $ 50 - that would  have been $ 52 . 5 to require a report to skilling , ( but if we had had to report  it , don ' t use " wscc " , try to spell out or just don ' t use )  uk gas ' s var limit is not $ 4 , it ' s $ 7 . 5 mm  i can ' t tie in uk gas ' qtd and ytd p / l - shouldn ' t it be what ' s on the dpr ,  adjusted for the portion of the structured derivatives that is gas - call  over to that yeo person and get the info . from them please  the 2 nd item for na gas shouldn ' t be listed like that as it looks like  another violation - the comment re : the var increase was mean to go at the  bottom under rac comments  the finance committe chairman notification for agg . var is not 100 % , it ' s  115 % ( notification requirement box )  ees had a var violation - $ 7 . 5 vs . 7 - that is a skilling level violation  let ' s have the " re : " say " limit violations and notifications for december 5 ,  2000 "  let ' s number them all sequentially rather than starting over at each level  veronica will call you to coordinate re - distribution .  going forward , we need to increase our level of review for these as they ' re  getting a lot of scrutiny given market dynamics and our increasing risk .  thank you ,  cassandra .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cassandra schultz / na / enron on 12 / 07 / 2000  07 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  michael benien  12 / 06 / 2000 07 : 08 pm  to : kenneth lay / corp / enron @ enron , rosalee fleming / corp / enron @ enron , jeff  skilling / corp / enron @ enron , sherri sera / corp / enron @ enron , rick  buy / hou / ect @ ect , karen k heathman / hou / ect @ ect  cc : cassandra schultz / na / enron @ enron , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , david  port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , chris abel / hou / ect @ ect  subject : 12 / 5 limit violations and notifications
HAM Subject: fw : let ' s see who is " professional "  hadn ' t seen this before - thought it might be a good quiz for  meetings / trainings . - cara  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : jaine e perlman [ smtp : jperlman @ eden . com ]  > sent : wednesday , april 13 , 1994 9 : 50 pm  > to : sharon perlman ; russ perlman ; dave j . perlman ; ed broderick ; caryn  > brenner ; cara white ; karen schwartz ; heidi schultz ; becca bruce ; sarah  > andre  > subject : fw : let ' s see who is " professional "  >  >  > > > > > >  > > > > > > > subject : professionalism quiz  > > > > > > >  > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > > the following short quiz consists of 4 questions and tells  > > > > whether you are truly a " professional " .  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > > scroll down for the answer .  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > > the questions are not that difficult .  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > > 1 . how do you put a giraffe into a refrigerator ?  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > > the correct answer is : open the refrigerator , put in the  > > > giraffe  > > > and close the door . this question tests whether you tend to do simple  > > > things in an  > > > > > > > > overly complicated way .  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > > 2 how do you put an elephant into a refrigerator ?  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > > wrong answer : open the refrigerator , put in the elephant  > and  > > > > close the refrigerator .  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > > correct answer : open the refrigerator , take out the  > giraffe ,  > > > put in the elephant and close the door . this tests your ability to  > think  > > > through the repercussions of your actions .  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > > 3 . the lion king is hosting an animal conference , all the  > > > animals attend except one . which animal does not attend ?  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > > correct answer : the elephant . the elephant is in the  > > > > refrigerator .  > > > > > this tests your memory . ok , even if you did not answer the first  > three  > > > questions , correctly , you still have one more chance to show your  > > abilities .  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > > 4 . there is a river you must cross . but it is inhabited by  > > > > > crocodiles . how do you manage it ?  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > >  > > > > > > > > correct answer : you swim across . all the crocodiles are  > > > attending the animal meeting ! this tests whether you learn quickly  > from  > > your  > > > mistakes . according to andersen consulting worldwide , around 90 % of  > the  > > > professionals they tested got all questions wrong . but many  > preschoolers  > > got  > > > several correct answers . anderson consulting says this conclusively  > > disproves  > > > the theory that most professionals have the brains of a four year old .
HAM Subject: re : transwestern capacity release report for the period 1 / 1 / 2002 -  12 / 31 / 2003  as promised , please find the attached tw capacity release report which has been revised to include a release from ena to burlington effective 1 / 11 / 02 - 1 / 31 / 02 . let me know if you have any questions .  thanks ,  elizabeth  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : brown , elizabeth  sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 12 : 59 pm  to : giambrone , laura ; hernandez , bert ; mcevoy , christine ; miller , beverly ; miller , chris l ; minter , tracy ; mulligan , amy ; ward , linda ; donoho , lindy ; lindberg , lorraine ; lohman , tk ; lokay , michelle ; watson , kimberly ; mcconnell , mark ; y ' barbo , paul ; blair , lynn ; buchanan , john ; kowalke , terry ; cherry , paul ; bianchi , rita  cc : dietz , rick ; lee , dennis ; eldridge , dale ; williams , john  subject : transwestern capacity release report for the period 1 / 1 / 2002 - 12 / 31 / 2003  attached is the transwestern capacity release report that lists all capacity release transactions for the period effective 1 / 1 / 2002 . all transactions were awarded at 100 % of the applicable maximum tariff rates .  i have also been advised by marketing that another posting may occur for january 2001 ( partial month ) but nothing has been finalized . i will send an updated file if necessary .  if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me .  >  thanks ,  elizabeth
HAM Subject: fw : red rock rec alloc  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : donoho , lindy  sent : thursday , may 17 , 2001 11 : 09 am  to : lindberg , lorraine  subject : red rock rec alloc  i ' ll put hardcopies on your chair too .
HAM Subject: your advice is appreciated  vince ,  in the morning we were talking about the el paso candidate who thinks he is above something and is not  willing to take certain project or responsibility . in real life , we also occasionally have similar stiuation . ( an  example is attached ) .  i would like to have your guidance when such a situation occurs .  zimin  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2001 02 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  zimin lu  05 / 02 / 2001 01 : 41 pm  to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : asian option for pavel  our convention is whoever finalizes the model should write the documentation . it does not make sense  to write one when changes are anticipated . you have been working on this almost a year , it never  strikes you that we need a documentation ?  i created exotica . xll , does that also give you an excuse not working on exotica documentation ?  zimin  paulo issler  05 / 02 / 2001 11 : 52 am  to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  cc : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , pavel zadorozhny / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : asian option for pavel  i am surprised that we do not have the documentation ready .  i can make that for you . it is not there because you did not put that together by the time it was created and all the changes i have made did not required changes on the functionality .  paulo issler  zimin lu  05 / 02 / 2001 11 : 29 am  to : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : pavel zadorozhny / enron @ enronxgate  subject : re : asian option for pavel  tai woo ,  here are the c - codes for the crudeapo . ' sig ' is the spot  volatility meaning the price volatility within the delivery period .  you should consult with pavel for the definition of this " extra " parameters . we  would like to see the position monitor once you get it running .  we might have some additional suggestions .  paulo ,  why don ' t we have a documentation on crudeapo you worked on ?  i can not find it in exotica help file . please supply that to tai , thanks .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : tai woo / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 09 : 55 am  to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect  cc : kara maloney / enron @ enronxgate , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect  subject : asian option for pavel  this morning , zimin told me that pavel is using a special model in evaluating his asian option portfolio .  he asked me to talk to you in order to access to the code so that i can see the difference made to the model .  as i cannot find the doc . describing this model , please tell me what that new input parameter ' sig ' is .  thanks ,  
HAM Subject: re : eprm course  chris ,  thanks for the invitation . yes , i am interested in the training course .  i shall call paul bristow today . please , give me some indication regarding  the dates .  vince  vincent kaminski  managing director - research  enron corp .  1400 smith street  room ebl 962  houston , tx 77002 - 7361  phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848  ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell )  fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503  " chris strickland " on 02 / 06 / 2001 02 : 20 : 52 am  please respond to " chris strickland "  to : " vincejkaminski "  cc : " vince \ ( home \ ) "  subject : eprm course  hi vince ,  ?  hope you are fine . i hope that grant ' s leaving ? hasn ' t affected your group  too much ?  ?  eprm ' s paul bristow has been in touch about a var training course involving  les , yourself and i . are you interested ? we would be ? extremely happy to work  with you . he was talking about london and houston which i don ' t know if it  fits with your travel schedule . maybe we can sort something out .  ?  i hope to have the next article with you by early next week .  ?  best regards as always , and many thanks for your book promotional efforts !  ?  chris .  ?  ?  ?
HAM Subject: tw global settlement rates eff 1 / 1 / 02  fyi - attached is a spreadsheet summarizing the currently effective rates for transwestern ' s global settlement customers as of january 1 , 2002 . the only update relates to the new grd and gri rates .  if you have any questions , please let me know .  elizabeth
HAM Subject: re : tgp sabine  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by edward d gottlob / hou / ect on 01 / 08 / 2001  11 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  james mckay  01 / 08 / 2001 10 : 39 am  to : edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : tgp sabine  fyi  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james mckay / hou / ect on 01 / 08 / 2001 10 : 39  am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  " sanders , layne " on 01 / 08 / 2001 10 : 04 : 53 am  to : " weir , gordon r . "  cc : " coffey , ryan k . " , " ' james mckay ' "  , operations control center  subject : re : tgp sabine  at this time i would like to keep it at 40 . 0 / day . we will work on trying to  take payback . if the nominations to tgp go down from transco at starks then  tgp can easily take more from cig at sabine .  > - - - - - original message - - - - -  > from : weir , gordon r .  > sent : monday , january 08 , 2001 9 : 36 am  > to : sanders , layne  > cc : coffey , ryan k . ; ' james mckay ' ; operations control center  > subject : tgp sabine  >  > layne ,  > cig would like to continue scheduling & delivering gas to tgp at  > sabine . this point is good financially for both hpl & cig . cig owes tgp  > approximately 60 , 000 at sabine . we would like to work this off over the  > next week plus have a 40 , 000 or higher nomination at this point . would  > you look at your system to see what adjustments could be made to  > accommodate this . advise me of your suggested nomination at this point .  > your assistance would be appreciated .  >  > thank you  > gordon  this email and any files transmitted with it from el paso  energy corporation are confidential and intended solely  for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are  addressed . if you have received this email in error  please notify the sender .  
HAM Subject: re : d dhar , amitava  cc : chaney , craig ; mumford , mike ; kirkpatrick , eric ; brent , richard ; parsons ,  ben ; albanis , george  subject : re : d & b contact names  iris / amitava ,  i may have already said this , but we ' ve had so many e - mails and telephone  calls flying back and forth that i wanted to make sure i at least got this  much out to you . clearly , i would like you to set up the meeting with the  riskcalc gurus to dig deeper into their methodology ( as much as they ' ll tell )  and the impact of missing variables and any other idiosyncracies the model  may have . also try to get a better feel for how well they think the model  extends to other countries . i know from a previous conversation with lea  carty and reading about the model that it was calibrated off north american  names but they suspect it might extend to other countries . conversely , i  know they are working efforts within moody ' s risk management services to  develop private ( and probably public ) firm models specific to regions . one  they mentioned was australia and also within western europe . data , as  always , was the issue . see if the quants have any perspective on their  success / plan in that area .  lastly , we truly appreciate the aggressive efforts you both have made toward  pushing off this private model initiative and i ' m very confident we ' ll be  able to nail a firm plan down upon receipt of either d & b and / or experian data .  cheers ,  scott  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by scott salmon / eu / enron on 19 / 04 / 2001 20 : 51  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  mike mumford @ ect  19 / 04 / 2001 17 : 55  to : scott salmon / eu / enron @ enron  cc :  subject : re : d & b contact names  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike mumford / lon / ect on 19 / 04 / 2001 17 : 59  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 19 / 04 / 2001 09 : 23 cdt  to : mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect  cc : amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron  subject : re : d & b contact names  hi ,  two riskcalc sales people made a presentation this week about their product .  they stated that they could set up a meeting with their quants and our  people to discuss the model input and what happens if we have less than 17  inputs .  regards ,  iris  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : mumford , mike  sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 1 : 37 am  to : mack , iris  subject : re : d & b contact names  ooops . . . part ii .  i just threw out 12 as a number for something we might develop . . . it ' s really  not based on anything . we know 17 will work for pre - packaged programs . we  also know there will be a great number of names with less than the full 17 . . .  i assume we would pursue another model ( internal or external ) to provide  probably less accurate numbers but at least available for names with fewer  inputs .  mike  from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 18 / 04 / 2001 15 : 02 cdt  to : mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect  cc : amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , scott salmon / eu / enron @ enron , eric  kirkpatrick / eu / enron @ enron  subject : re : d salmon , scott ; kirkpatrick , eric  subject : re : d & b contact names  iris ,  thanks .  after our meeting we stuck around to discuss things a little further .  specifically with respect to global counterparty names . . . we have duns  cross - references on about 70 of active names ( 13 k out of 18 . 5 k ) . we could  greatly accellerate purchase of some useful data by buying blind all major  data associated with these specific duns numbers .  pro - data gets in on names we know we want to review asap , but without  resolution on which specific fields are most useful . we also get to test for  completeness of data ( how many have all 17 fields . . . how many have only 12 of  which fields , etc . ) .  con - costs could be significantly higher . . . buying info we don ' t know we  need ( converse of buying only the 17 fields doesn ' t seem best answer ) . we  would end up buying additional info later . . . overhead costs and piecemeal  buying will increase costs . it development time would be greatly  increased . . . multiple file formats . . . developing to unknown maximum size ,  etc . . . . redoing when more data is purchased .  any thoughts .  mike
HAM Subject: joao neves  vince ,  i wanted to follow up with you to see if you had an opportunity to review  joao neves ' resume , which i sent ? you last wednesday , and to get your  feedback on him .  ?  please ? let me know if you are interested in ? setting up an interview .  ?  also , i will be in houston the afternoon of ? friday , 4 / 13 , and would welcome  the opportunity to meet with you in person , if your schedule allows . ?  ?  i look forward to hearing from you .  ?  regards ,  ?  kate szablya  power brokers , llc  energy search and recruitment  303 - 716 - 2987  303 - 619 - 7589 cell  303 - 716 - 3426 fax  kate @ powerbrokersllc . com  www . powerbrokersllc . com  ?  ?
HAM Subject: re : equistar  fyi . . . only ! this activity has been rescheduled and reallocated .  from : lee l papayoti on 01 / 27 / 2000 11 : 17 am  to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect  cc : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth  seaman / hou / ect @ ect  subject : equistar  equistar has requested a scheduling / nomination change retroactive to january  1 .  at the start of the month , janice nominated a small volume to meter # 1165  ( or maybe it was to # 1266 ) , dupont victoria .  equistar wants that volume to go to meter # 1552 instead , for the whole month  of jan .  any questions - call me at 3 . 5923  thanks  lee
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 16 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ;  start date : 12 / 16 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121615 . txt  # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number .
HAM Subject: power trading systems update  week ending 9 / 14 / 01 :  glad to discuss . . .  steve
HAM Subject: over $ 50 - - you made it happen !  on wall street , people are talking about enron . at enron , we ' re talking  about people . . . our people . you are the driving force behind every success  that our company has experienced , including our high - performing stock price ,  which surpassed the $ 50 mark only a few days ago . you made it happen !  to show our appreciation for your hard work and commitment to enron  , s  continued success , eligible regular full - time and regular part - time employees  who were on the payroll of a wholly - owned enron company at dec . 31 , 1999 will  receive 50 enron stock options . a special stock option award certificate and  a copy of the stock plan will be sent to you in the next few weeks .  about the stock options grant :  ? the grant was effective jan . 18 , 2000 , therefore , the option grant price is  $ 55 . 50 .  ? options will have a seven - year term , which means you must exercise these  options before seven years have passed .  ? options will vest 25 percent on feb . 28 , 2000 and 25 percent each  subsequent january 18 th thereafter until fully vested , as long as you are an  employee of enron . this means you may exercise 25 percent of these options  as early as feb . 28 .  ? this grant is made in accordance with the terms and provisions of the enron  corp . stock plans and the award documents , which you will receive in the  coming weeks .  due to varying international restrictions and legalities , enron employees in  certain international locations will receive some other form of recognition .  your local management and human resources representative will communicate  further details .  visit home . enron . com for additional information . there you can access a list  of frequently asked questions regarding stock options . and you can view a  special message from ken lay . to access the special message , you must have  ip - tv and a sound card . if you are not able to view ken  , s message , a  transcript is available . if you encounter any technical difficulties , please  contact your pc help desk .  again , thank you for all you do to make enron a successful global energy and  broadband services company and a great place to work .
HAM Subject: important announcement regarding document preservation .  on wednesday , october 31 , i sent an email to all enron employees worldwide in order to ensure that enron employees retained documents that might be relevant to ongoing litigation . new lawsuits have been filed that enlarge the scope of the information that enron will need to retain . the following list includes both the topics in the earlier email and the topics related to the new lawsuits .  effective immediately , please do the following :  1 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the ljm deal or chewco investments l . p . including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6800 .  2 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the proposed dynegy merger or the enron corp . savings plan , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6802 .  3 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding ebs , azurix , new power co . , or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6801 .  4 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding the proposed merger with dynegy or the enron corp . savings plan or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6802 .  5 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to the ljm deal , chewco investments l . p . , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the e - mails to ljm . litigation @ enron . com .  6 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to the proposed dynegy merger , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the e - mails to dynegy . merger @ enron . com .  7 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to the enron corp . savings plan , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the e - mails to enron . savingsplan @ enron . com .  8 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding ebs , azurix , new power co . or any e - mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the e - mails to classaction . litigation @ enron . com .  9 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding the proposed dynegy merger or any e - mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the e - mails to dynegy . merger @ enron . com .  10 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding the enron corp . savings plan or any e - mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the e - mails to enron . savingsplan @ enron . com .  " ljm deal " includes ljm cayman l . p . , ljm co - investment l . p . , tnpcl , margauxl , cortez ( tnpc ) , ospreyl , avici , catalytica , fishtail ( pulp & paper ) , backbone , ena clo ( merlin ) , nowa sarzyna ( poland ) , bob west , megs , yosemite , eecc turbines ( blue dog ) , raptor 1 , raptor la , raptor 2 , raptor 2 a , raptor 3 , raptor 4 , rawhide , ljm 2 / ww loan agrmt , osprey 2 llcl , rythms , osprey , cuiaba , and ljm cayco investments .  also , please forward all future e - mails and voice mails that relate to the above - referenced subjects to the appropriate e - mail address or voice mail box . these procedures will ensure that our electronic documents and voice mails are properly preserved .  shortly , our lawyers will be collecting our traditional files , i . e . , written documents , for possible production in litigation . until further notice , please retain all of your hard - copy files now in your possession or that come into your possession that in any way relate to :  1 . the ljm deal  2 . azurix  3 . new power co .  4 . ebs  5 . chewco investments l . p .  6 . accounting for any enron investments  7 . any enron public statement made to the investment public  8 . any enron public filing with the sec or other regulatory bodies  9 . the proposed merger with dynegy  10 . the enron corp . savings plan . it is not necessary to send documents related to your personal participation in the plan such as plan communications to you regarding the status of your account .  please err on the side of retention of documents .  if you have any questions , please call andrew edison at x 5 - 7105 .
HAM Subject: start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ;  start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .  log messages :  parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122007 . txt
HAM Subject: corrected file red rock npv  please discard earlier file had an error on bp ' s contracts .  thanks ,  james
HAM Subject: accommodations in london  fyi : as i mentioned , i am staying in the four seasons next week . the hotel  is located at hamilton place park lane . i thought the location might mean  something to you .
HAM Subject: engage changes name to coastal merchant energy  coastal corp . announced that engage energy u . s . , l . p . has changed its name to  coastal merchant energy , l . p . , which coincides with the split of the engage  energy joint venture by participants coastal and westcoast energy . effective  on oct . 3 , the operations were divided into separate entities which are owned  and operated solely by each company . coastal merchant energy , which handles  up to 3 . 5 bcf / d , appointed james c . dyer iv as president and ceo . " coastal  merchant energy , l . p . will continue to provide a full spectrum of energy  services , including natural gas marketing and trading , electricity trading  and sales , energy management services , structured storage and  transportation - related services , structured power and management services ,  and energy risk management services , " said david a . arledge , ceo of the  coastal corp . " we will undoubtedly benefit from the further integration of  our merchant activities with coastal ' s asset - based businesses . "
HAM Subject: re : eog pronghorn material cost  thanks , ec ! fyi - the last four items , starting with the bristol , the two  transmitters and the sensors should be taken off this list to eog since  these went to wt - 1 . this will reduce the cost by $ 7698 .  laura j . kunkel  project manager  trigon - sheehan , llc  505 / 627 - 9124  lkunkel @ trigon - sheehan . com  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : chanley , earl [ mailto : earl . chanley @ enron . com ]  sent : tuesday , july 31 , 2001 3 : 44 pm  to : lokay , michelle  cc : lkunkel @ trigon - sheehan . com ; jolly , rich  subject : eog pronghorn material cost  michelle  the cost for material ordered for this work order is $ 94 , 126 . 27 .  the attached spread sheet is from the sap accounting system and invoices  will be routed to marketing to forward to eog for the supporting  documentation to this spreadsheet .  if you have any questions , . please contact me .  earl chanley  >  this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and  may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the  intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by  others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or  authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply  to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all  copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not  intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a  binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its  affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be  relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise .  thank you .  
HAM Subject: enron in action 10 . 08 . 01  enron in action can be accessed through the new community relations web site at http : / / cr . enron . com / eia . html . in this week ' s issue you will find out information regarding :  enron happenings  enron kids ' center now open !  a children ' s commemorative concert  juvenile diabetes research foundation " walk to cure diabetes "  juvenile diabetes research foundation airline ticket raffle  quality of life coalition - houston  american heart association " heart walk "  enron travel club monthly meeting  plant sale  museum of fine arts 2001 - 2002 membership drive  enron volunteer opportunities  sunshine kids at astroworld !  race for the cure  jewish community center " everyone ' s internet children ' s carnival "  assist psi homesavers with home repair  northeast houston tropical storm allison relief  md anderson cancer center - children ' s art project  enron wellness  help us help others . call and schedule a massage today  join the downtown club at the met and assist victims of the september 11 tragedy  cancare cancer support network  fall 2001 fashion show and luncheon  bella rinova spa at the downtown club ( met )  involved employees  beginner ballroom dance lessons  par " fore " pets golf tournament  in addition , enron in action is available through a channel on my . home . enron . com . to add this channel to your set - up click on the channels link at the top of the screen and under announcements check the enron in action box .  if you wish to add an announcement to enron in action , please fill out the attached form below and submit it to mailto : eia @ enron . com no later than 12 pm thursday each week .
HAM Subject: re : mgmt 656  pam  thanks  yes , please , send me the e - mail addresses .  vince  pamela vande krol castro on 01 / 26 / 2001 10 : 40 : 17 am  to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com  cc :  subject : mgmt 656  here are your latest rosters . let me know if you would like the spreadsheet  with their e - mail addresses as well ! - pam ( 6223 )  - 656 . doc
HAM Subject: re : credit issues / enovate  50 % of the below numbers , representing approximately $ 2 . 8 mm , as well as the optimization of the underlying arrangements .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : monday , november 05 , 2001 2 : 56 pm  to : luce , laura  subject : re : credit issues / enovate  what is the p luce , laura  subject : credit issues  rudwell - as you can probably imagine , we have had several counterparties with whom enovate has pending transactions that have initially claimed they will not accept enron ' s credit as part of the transaction . below is a list of those counterparties to date :  counterparty service term total value  wisconsin gas 10 day storage service 3 yrs ( 4 / 1 / 02 - 3 / 31 / 05 ) $ 1 , 100 , 000  wisconsin gas 50 day storage service 3 yrs ( 4 / 1 / 02 - 3 / 31 / 05 ) $ 3 , 375 , 000  wisconsin pub . svc 5 day storage service 4 months ( 11 / 10 / 01 - 3 / 10 / 02 ) $ 240 , 000  txu storage service 1 yr ( 4 / 1 / 02 - 3 / 31 / 03 ) $ 990 , 000  we are also in the process of negotiating transactions with several other counterparties including oneok , pg & e , and pancanadian . they have not yet raised credit concerns .  it is obviously imperative that we keep business moving forward . in that regard , what has our response been to such denials of credit ? have we thought about posting l / c ' s or is that cost prohibitive ? we may have some flexibility with peoples posting credit , but that has certain legal implications and is limited . also , three of the above deals do not start until april so we may have some flexibility with timing . however , all of the above counterparties are anxious to put the contracting logistics behind them in case the deals fall through and they need to replace the service .  any thoughts and assistance on this effort is greatly appreciated .  gregg
HAM Subject: re : enron online case  chris - - in response to your e - mail , here are some quantitative facts that will give your students some insights about the scope of the economic return created by enrononline .  1 . enrononline supports enron ' s wholesale services division . in 2000 , ibit ( income before interest , minority interests and taxes ) for enron wholesale services division rose 72 % to $ 2 . 3 billion , with record physical energy volumes of 51 . 7 trillion british thermal units equivalent per day ( tbtue / d ) - - a 59 % increase over 1999 . both of these growth rates were very significantly higher than growth rates we experienced in previous years . for example , for the past five years , wholesale services earnings have grown at an average compunded growth rate of 48 % annually .  2 . it took nearly a decade for enron ' s daily gas transactions in north america to reach 13 . 9 bcf in 1999 . just 12 months later , enrononline had helped to practically double daily transactions to 24 . 7 bcf .  if you have any questions on this , please call me at 713 853 9354 . thanks  kal shah  enrononline  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : kitchen , louise  sent : friday , may 04 , 2001 8 : 39 am  to : patrick , christie  cc : cbartlett @ hbs . edu ; kal shah / hou / ect @ enron  subject : re : enron online case  hello chris and christie ,  i have asked kal shah to run with getting you what you need to ensure that you will have a contact during my absence . i have copied kal on this email and hope that this works for everyone .  thanks  louise  christie patrick  05 / 03 / 2001 01 : 12 pm  to : cbartlett @ hbs . edu  cc : ( bcc : louise kitchen / hou / ect )  subject : enron online case  hi chris !  thanks for the message and the great experience at harvard last week ! harvard ' s hospitality was the best ! !  i ' m travelling right now and only have a minute , but i ' ve passed along your request to louise and will follow up with her and the totality of your request on monday . ( i also told louise she was a " star in absentia " at harvard last week ! ! ! )  take care and we ' ll speak soon !  best !  - - christie .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 05 / 03 / 2001 01 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  christopher bartlett on 05 / 03 / 2001 09 : 33 : 48 am  to : christie . patrick @ enron . com  cc :  subject : enron online case  christie :  following up on my message of last week , i have now finished the minor  edits required to clarify the enron online case ( correcting the stock  price , clarifying the " one to many " versus " many to many " models of  trading , etc . ) . the one piece that remains for me to insert is some  information that will allow the students to make some estimates about the  economic risk involved in this bold move . i know that wholesale services  contributed about 89 % of enron ' s total profit in 1999 , but it is unclear  what extent of this was provided by the traditional trading activities that  subsequently were enhanced by enron online . my suspicion is that it is the  majority of the sales volume , and perhaps the majority of profitability ,  but if we could give some clue to that in the case , it would be  helpful . this might simply be that " trading activities constituted the  majority of wholesale services profits " or " the vast majority " or " over  80 % " or whatever you think would give the students some sense of  quantification . the alternative might be to provide data that was  disguised and could be footnoted as such . for example , we could identify  that trading contributed " over $ 750 million to enron ' s net profits " with  that number footnoted as a disguised figure .  the other thing that would be very helpful would be again to provide some  data on the profitability of operations in 1999 versus the profitability in  2000 when enron online became a dominant part of its activities . once  again , we could include broad - level generalizations or disguised  data . it ' s your choice , but it will give the students a sense of the size  of the issue facing them .  if it is helpful to talk about this in person , please feel free to call me  on 617 - 495 - 6308 today ( thursday ) ; or tomorrow ( friday ) in the afternoon at  802 - 457 - 1880 .  once again , thanks so much not only for the cooperation on the case , but  also for the terrific organization you did in getting your executive team  up here for last week ' s classes . i think you probably realized that it was  a " home run " with the students , who are still talking about it .  best wishes ,  chris  
HAM Subject: additional information  per your request , please see the attached files . the indirect cashflow for south america and mexico are in the first attachment while the ena direct cashflow is in the second . ( expanded for more detail ) . let me know if you have any questions or require additional information .
HAM Subject: ferc issues nopr on intra - day recalls of released capacity  ngi ' s daily gas price index  published : october 17 , 2001  ferc issues nopr on intra - day recalls of released capacity  given the inability of the natural gas standards - setting organization to resolve the issue of intra - day recalls of released transportation capacity , ferc has issued a notice of proposed rulemaking ( nopr ) that would give releasing shippers the flexibility to re - nominate their recalled capacity at the next scheduling opportunity provided by an interstate pipeline .  existing gas industry standards board ( gisb ) standards require a shipper that wants to re - nominate recalled capacity to notify its transportation provider by no later than 8 a . m . central clock time ( cct ) on a nomination day at the latest , and bars partial - day recalls of capacity . ferc proposes to allow shippers to recall capacity and re - nominate the recalled capacity at each of the three intra - day nomination opportunities .  " by enabling releasing shippers to recall and renominate capacity quickly , they will have greater incentive to release capacity , providing capacity purchasers with an alternative to purchasing pipeline interruptible service . at the same time , this proposal will provide replacement shippers whose capacity is recalled with the same advance notice and protection from bumping as is provided to interruptible shippers under the commission ' s regulations , " the nopr said [ rm 96 - 1 - 019 ] .  existing gisb standards applying to capacity - release recalls were adopted in 1996 , when there was only one nomination per day at 11 : 30 a . m cct and a single non - standardized intra - day nomination , it noted . " but the circumstances under which the recall standards were developed have markedly changed as the number of nomination opportunities have now expanded to four nomination opportunities . "  given the lack of " consensus supporting " gisb ' s existing recall standards and the standards - setting group ' s failure to settle the issue , the commission is forced to " resolve the policy question regarding partial - day recalls , " the nopr said . permitting partial - day recalls of released capacity , the commission concluded , was in keeping with the overall regulatory changes that it enacted in order 637 .  the natural gas supply association ( ngsa ) , which represents major producers , and houston - based dynegy let ferc know that they weren ' t big fans of partial - day recalls . these could undermine system reliability , they contend , by shutting in production and increasing scheduling problems , overruns , penalties or operational flow orders .  but the commission discounted these arguments . " . . . [ t ] he use of partial - day recalls should create no additional scheduling problems since recalls will be scheduled according to the existing scheduling requirements . in effect , releasing shippers using partial - day recalls are creating another form of interruptible transportation to compete with pipeline interruptible capacity , and shippers purchasing recallable capacity should be subject to the same scheduling rules that apply to interruptible transportation . partial - day recalls will be no more likely to result in shut - in production than interruptible transactions that are subject to being bumped under the current standards , " the nopr noted .
HAM Subject: request submitted : access request for darin . presto @ enron . com  you have received this email because the requester specified you as their manager . please click http : / / itcapps . corp . enron . com / srrs / auth / emaillink . asp ? id = 000000000054493 & page = approval to review and act upon this request .  request id : 000000000054493  request create date : 8 / 20 / 01 2 : 53 : 23 pm  requested for : darin . presto @ enron . com  resource name : enpower north america west production scheduler - schedule deals  resource type : applications
HAM Subject: article : ' back to basics ' ( enron mention )  please find attached the above article from the energy & power risk management magazine , august 2001 .  kind regards  sarimah black
HAM Subject: valero  each meter is now to be treated seperately : tickets have been created  accordingly .  meter 1233  base 148376  swing 148382  buyback 148381  meter 1394  base 148390  swing 148391  buyback 148396  meter 8018  base 148376  swing 148382  buyback 148381  volume management will need to set up accounting arrangements to cover  november and december 1999 . scheduling will repath and renom unify , and  reallocate pops for january .  if anyone has anything to add to this please let me know .  ken
HAM Subject: reserve deficiency  sunday we were deficient 10 hours . i talked to bill williams at enron , he  said he would check into what was going on . after running the numbers for  each hour i found the following . . .  he 11 : 00 not deficient . . .  he 12 : 00 not deficient . . .  he 13 : 00 not deficient . . .  the first three hours were close but weren ' t deficient .  he 14 : 00 deficient . . . 18 mw ' s deficient . . . needed a 25 mw purchase  he 15 : 00 deficient . . . 21 mw ' s deficient . . . enron purchased 25 mw ' s  non - firm . . . if firm , 25 mw purchase would have been sufficient  he 16 : 00 deficient . . . 24 mw ' s deficient . . . enron purchased 50 mw ' s  non - firm . . . 25 mw firm purchase would have been sufficient  he 17 : 00 deficient . . . 21 mw ' s deficient . . . enron purchased 50 mw ' s  non - firm . . . 25 mw firm purchase would have been sufficient  he 18 : 00 deficient . . . 4 mw ' s deficient . . . enron purchased 50 mw ' s  non - firm . . . 25 mw firm purchase would have been sufficient  he 20 : 00 deficient . . . 34 mw ' s deficient . . . enron purchased 50 mw ' s  non - firm . . . 35 mw firm purchase would have been sufficient  he 21 : 00 deficient . . . 44 mw ' s deficient . . . enron purchased 50 mw ' s  non - firm . . . 50 mw firm purchase would have been sufficient  please see the attached work sheets and feel free to check my calculations .  we have until 10 : 00 in the morning to dispute any of the above  deficiencies !  in total we were deficient 7 hours on sunday . any questions or comments  please call me at 2245 or 915 - 204 - 1202  ( see attached file : 07 - 29 - 01 . xls )  roger
HAM Subject: bp amoco  michelle : be sure that southern describes ( generally ) the assets being sold ,  and lists the contract # s , in its letter to us .  if you need any assistance with this , let me know .
HAM Subject: re : meter 6879 - sept . 00  this deal was not put in right . the primary term of the contract goes out to  9 / 30 / 00 . there is no evergreen to the contract . the deal will end when the  contract ends . therefore , i have taken the evergreen off , and added  september to it .  if you have any questions , let me know .  julie  \  daren j farmer  09 / 13 / 2000 11 : 33 am  to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect  cc : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect  subject : meter 6879 - sept . 00  julie ,  please review deal 133010 . the deal shows evergreen , but nothing rolled to  september .  d  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 09 / 13 / 2000  11 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  aimee lannou 09 / 13 / 2000 11 : 01 am  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : meter 6879 - sept . 00  daren - can you get a deal set up for meter 6879 for sept . 00 ? there is flow  for day 1 , it is a 16 day chart . in aug . there was a deal of 176 on deal #  133010 for heatherloch municipal utility . please let me know if enter a  deal . thanks .  al
HAM Subject: questionable mail / suspicious packages  the potential use of biological agents such as anthrax in a terrorist attack continues to raise concerns worldwide . here at enron , the mail center and business controls / corporate security have already implemented safeguards so that all mail entering the enron buildings will be screened in accordance with procedures for identifying suspicious packages . we are also in touch with the u . s . postal service and the centers for disease control to ensure we have the most complete and up - to - date guidance for handling any possible anthrax exposures .  however , should you receive an envelope or package that you do not feel comfortable opening , please contact corporate security at extension 3 - 6200 and we will screen it again .  to provide enron employees with a better understanding of anthrax and the potential danger it poses , we have posted a bulletin on the corporate security intranet site http : / / home . enron . com : 84 / security / 002 _ bull _ 001 . html that includes links to the cdc and usps resources .
HAM Subject: re : presentation  thanks !  you are probably familar with the format . . . 15 - 20 minutes for the  presentation  followed by 20 - 30 minutes for q & a .  see you at 7 : 30 am thursday in the lobby of the sonesta for breakfast !  ghw  " vince j kaminski " on 03 / 31 / 2000 12 : 48 : 58 pm  to : george wayne @ fpl  cc : " vince j kaminski " , vkaminski @ aol . com  subject : presentation  george ,  this is the presentation i promised .  vince  ( see attached file : fplo 400 . ppt )  - fplo 400 . ppt
HAM Subject: fw : centana storage  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : swisher , stephen  sent : tuesday , november 27 , 2001 11 : 52 am  to : olsen , michael  subject : fw : centana storage  importance : high  mike ,  i need a deal entered into sitra and pathed for the sale of the centana storage to aep . see below . any questions , give me a call . thanks .  stephen r . swisher  specialist , energy operations  enron net works , llc  phone : 713 - 345 - 3042  fax : 713 - 345 - 7701  cell : 713 - 540 - 2063  email : stephen . swisher @ enron . com  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : wynne , rita  sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 1 : 30 pm  to : pond , jim  cc : koerselman , lisa ; lo , connie ; swisher , stephen  subject : re : centana storage  stephen ,  please get with logistics to get a deal entered and pathed for this transaction . if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks !  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : pond , jim  sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 1 : 29 pm  to : wynne , rita  cc : koerselman , lisa ; lo , connie ; swisher , stephen  subject : re : centana storage  the gl currently has 1 , 177 , 186 mmbtu @ $ 3 , 548 , 001 . 99 .  i believe the sale took place in the facility .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : wynne , rita  sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 1 : 05 pm  to : pond , jim  cc : koerselman , lisa ; lo , connie ; swisher , stephen  subject : re : centana storage  jim ,  where did the sale take place ? was it an in place sale at the facility ? stephen is working on the reconciliation . if he cannot have it completed by this close , then we will have unaccounted for until he finishes his reconciliation . we will do everything possible to get it cleared this close . what does the g / l currently have for the storage number ?  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : pond , jim  sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 12 : 57 pm  to : wynne , rita  cc : koerselman , lisa ; lo , connie  subject : centana storage  rita ,  it looks like we will be making our bammel true - up payment to aep in the next couple of days . included in the payment to aep is a deduction for the sale of the centana storage gas . we are selling them 1 , 236 , 286 mmbtu @ $ 2 . 375 for a total of $ 2 , 936 , 179 . 25 . the sale is for september , 2001 production . we will need a deal put in sitara for that sale along with the appropriate pathing from storage by logistics . however , there is only 1 , 195 , 754 mmbtu on report 006 in unify ( for contracts 96018371 , 96014189 , and 96019236 ) . how do we account for this volumetic difference ? connie will be truing up the gl to match the current unify volume . the gl was short approx . 18 , 000 mmbtu because a beginning balance was not booked .  this needs to happen before the upcoming close .  thanks for you help in this matter .  please let me know of any concerns .
HAM Subject: chris sherman - re : hotlist  when : occurs every monday effective 8 / 6 / 2001 until 7 / 29 / 2002 from 1 : 00 pm to 1 : 30 pm ( gmt - 06 : 00 ) central time ( us & canada ) .  where : louise ' s office  * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ *
HAM Subject: re : tenaska iv - cleburne plant  darren , i will be meeting with sandi in the morning to get a download . i will get with you after that to assess where we need to go . thanks .  - - - - - original message - - - - -  from : farmer , daren j .  sent : tuesday , june 19 , 2001 1 : 43 pm  to : nemec , gerald  subject : tenaska iv - cleburne plant  gerald ,  i understand that you will be taking on some of sandi ' s projects since she left the company . i have been working with sandi on an agency agreemtent between ena and tenaska iv partners , related to the gas supply for the cleburne plant . has she brought you up to speed on what we need ? we are looking into selling our stake in the plant and need to finalize the agreement as soon as we can . please let me know what you need to finish this . thanks .  daren
HAM Subject: eol average deal count by trader and product as of 7 - 23 - 01  the following file contains a graphical view of the north american gas average deal count by trader and product for eol . this information is for comparative analysis only . do not update links when opening this file .  if you have any questions regarding this breakout , please let me know .  laura levy  enrononline  x 53551
HAM Subject: re : what happened to the letter ?  louise ,  greg signed it and it went out tuesday . he was going to lob in a call to aep as well , but i haven ' t heard whether that happened . would you like a copy of the signed letter as it went out ?  michelle  michelle cash  enron north america corp .  1400 smith street , eb 3823  houston , texas 77002  ( 713 ) 853 - 6401  michelle . cash @ enron . com  this message may contain confidential information that is protected by the attorney - client and / or work product privileges .  louise kitchen 03 / 22 / 2001 03 : 27 pm to : michelle cash / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : what happened to the letter ?
HAM Subject: fortune most admired ranking  congratulations ! for an unprecedented five years in a row , enron has been  ranked the " most innovative company in america " by fortune magazine . in  addition , for the first time , enron has also been ranked # 1 in " quality of  management , " topping general electric and omnicom group , and our " employee  talent " has been ranked # 2 , behind goldman sachs and ahead of cisco  systems . america ' s most admired management team is paired with the best and  brightest employee talent . that winning combination has led to enron ' s  five - year " most innovative " sweep . the " most admired " list will appear in  fortune ' s feb . 21 issue , available on newsstands feb . 8 .  you are the reason we have achieved such consistent recognition . you bring  the innovative ideas to enron and create new business opportunities . you  contribute to our quality management team . and you are the outstanding  employee talent that makes enron such an exciting and successful company .  keep up your outstanding work , and we look forward to even greater  achievements in 2000 !
HAM Subject: enron mentions  interview : new enron cfo on ambitions in forest products  dow jones commodities service , 10 / 30 / 01  enron shares fall a day after moody ' s lowers rating ( updatel )  bloomberg , 10 / 30 / 01  enron bond default insurance doubles on credit woes ( updatel )  bloomberg , 10 / 30 / 01  usa : update 1 - enron shares renew plunge , drop to eight - year lows .  reuters english news service , 10 / 30 / 01  usa : enron shares continue slide .  reuters english news service , 10 / 30 / 01  stockwatch enron falls 18 pct on concerns about co ' s credit worthiness  afx news , 10 / 30 / 01  usa : u . s . stocks slump on big drop in consumer confidence .  reuters english news service , 10 / 30 / 01  analyst report  cnnfn : before hours , 10 / 30 / 01  waiting for enron ' s bottom  realmoney . com , 10 / 30 / 01  germany : german watchdog may sue firms over power charges .  reuters english news service , 10 / 30 / 01  interview : new enron cfo on ambitions in forest products  by zahida hafeez  of dow jones newswires  10 / 30 / 2001  dow jones commodities service  ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones  312 - 750 - 4132 ; zahida . hafeez @ dowjones . com  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  enron shares fall a day after moody ' s lowers rating ( updatel )  2001 - 10 - 30 13 : 19 ( new york )  enron shares fall a day after moody ' s lowers rating ( updatel )  ( updates with comment from aep , exelon and northeast  utilities on trading business starting in sixth paragraph . )  houston , oct . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . shares fell as  much as 20 percent a day after moody ' s investors service placed  the largest energy trader ' s rating for commercial paper on review  for downgrade and lowered its long - term debt to two notches above  junk status .  shares of enron fell $ 2 . 60 , or 19 percent , to $ 11 . 21 in early  afternoon trading . earlier , they touched $ 11 , the lowest price  since january 1993 . the stock , down for the 10 th day in a row , had  dropped 83 percent this year .  moody ' s lowered enron ' s long - term credit rating to ` ` baa 2 ' '  from ` ` baal ' ' yesterday . it also placed the company ' s ` ` p - 2 ' '  rating for commercial paper on review for possible downgrade .  ` ` i think investors would have loved to have no downgrade or  a more stable outlook for the company , ' ' commerzbank securities  analyst andre meade said . ` ` moody ' s left some uncertainty . ' '  meade doesn ' t own enron shares and rates the company  ` ` accumulate . ' '  executives from exelon corp . , american electric power co . and  northeast utilities said they still are trading with enron .  ` watching closely '  ` ` nervous is probably not the right word , but we are watching  very closely , ' ' aep chief executive officer linn draper said at an  energy conference in new orleans . ` ` we are focusing our new deals  with them in the short term , november and december , ' '  columbus , ohio - based aep is the biggest u . s . electricity  generator . traders often buy and sell power for delivery the next  day or for over a week , month , quarter or calendar year . the  bloomberg energy service is quoting power prices for as far ahead  as september 2003 .  ` ` we are keeping a close eye on our exposure , ' ' exelon corp .  co - chief executive officer john rowe said at the conference . ` ` we  are keeping a tight dollar limit on trades . ' ' he declined to  provide specifics .  chicago - based exelon is the biggest u . s . nuclear - power  producer .  ` ` three weeks ago , we started monitoring our position with  enron , ' ' northeast chief financial officer john forsgren said at  the conference . ` ` right now , we have a net payable to them , so  there ' s no exposure on our side , and we ' ll probably keep it that  way . ' '  northeast , based in berlin , connecticut , will continue to  trade with enron as long as its debt ratings remain investment  grade , forsgren said . northeast is new england ' s biggest utility  owner .  sec inquiry  the wall street journal reported that a u . s . security and  exchange commission inquiry into enron ' s financial dealings with  affiliates , run by the company ' s former chief financial officer  andrew fastow , has moved to washington , signaling the  investigation has become more serious .  investors say they are worried about $ 3 . 3 billion in  liabilities from the affiliates , which were formed to buy and sell  enron assets . houston - based enron ousted fastow on wednesday amid  the sec inquiry into the partnerships he ran that cost the company  at least $ 35 million .  other energy stocks also fell today as the price of natural  gas on the new york mercantile exchange dropped as much as 3 . 7  percent . the standard & poor ' s 500 index as much as 2 . 3 percent as  consumer confidence in the u . s . economy dropped in october to the  lowest level in more than 7 1 / 2 years .  shares of duke energy corp . fell $ 1 . 33 to $ 37 . 81 . dynegy inc .  dropped $ 2 . 23 , or 5 . 7 percent , to $ 36 . 70 . el paso corp . fell  $ 1 . 44 , or 2 . 8 percent , to $ 49 . 30 . exxon mobil corp . fell $ 1 . 15 to  $ 39 . 53 .  - - mark johnson in the princeton newsroom , ( 609 ) 750 - 4662  enron bond default insurance doubles on credit woes ( updatel )  2001 - 10 - 30 12 : 58 ( new york )  enron bond default insurance doubles on credit woes ( updatel )  ( adds background on asset write - offs in seventh paragraph . )  new york , oct . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - insurance premiums have  doubled for enron corp . bondholders as investors seek protection  amid questions about whether enron will pay its debts and keep its  investment - grade credit rating .  a contract to protect against a default for the next 18  months has increased to an annual fee of between 13 . 5 and 16 . 5  percent of face value , up from 6 . 5 to 7 . 5 percent a week earlier ,  according to creditsights inc .  enron shares fell as much as $ 2 . 74 , or 20 percent , to $ 11 . 07 .  the stock has lost 65 percent of its value since oct . 17 . enron ' s  6 . 4 percent coupon bonds due in 2006 were bid at 74 cents on the  dollar , traders said , down as much as 6 cents from yesterday ' s  price of 80 cents . the debt now yields 14 . 1 percent , up from 12 . 1  percent yesterday and 10 . 8 percent on friday .  banks are ` ` scrambling to hedge their exposure in the credit  protection market , ' ' said peter petas , a debt analyst at  creditsights .  john tompkins , a trader at credittrade , a credit derivatives  brokerage , said there ' s interest among buyers , though not sellers  of enron default swaps . he said there are bids for enron credit  default swaps at 7 to 8 percent annually for five years '  protection and 12 percent annually on the three years ' contract - -  with no offers .  ` ` enron is atrocious today , ' ' he said .  undisclosed  the largest energy trader ' s troubles began two weeks ago when  it reported $ 1 . 01 billion in losses , including more than $ 544  million written off on a competitive energy supplier business and  a bandwidth trading business . enron formed at least 18 affiliated  companies to buy and sell company assets , according to records  from the texas secretary of state . some of those affiliates  profited from buying or selling assets to enron .  the houston - based company losses included $ 35 million from  partnerships set up by chief financial officer andrew fastow .  fastow was later fired and the u . s . securities and exchange  commission has asked for information about the transactions .  the disclosure has set off concern among investors about how  little is known about enron ' s balance sheet and caused ratings  companies to examine the company .  ` ` investors are nervous about this name , ' ' said freda lam , a  credit strategist at j . p . morgan chase & co . in new york .  investor relations  enron ' s long - term debt rating was cut yesterday to ` ` baa 2 , ' '  two levels above junk , from ` ` baal . ' ' moody ' s also placed the  houston - based company ' s ` ` p - 2 ' ' rating for commercial paper - -  borrowing for nine - months or less - - on review for downgrade .  enron has been shut off from the commercial paper market since the  ratings agencies began the review .  the lack of access to money markets makes it more difficult  for enron to borrow the short - term cash needed to run its trading  businesses . ahead of a potential cut , enron took out bank lines to  repay $ 2 billion in commercial paper last week .  still , most of wall street expects enron ' s bonds to be paid  and its stock price to bounce back .  ` ` we suspect that enron ' s share price will not likely recover  in the near term , ' ' lam said . ` ` we ultimately expect this company  to be successful . but it needs to improve its investor relations  and its disclosure . ' '  - - tom kohn in the london newsroom ( 44 - 20 ) 7330 7929  usa : update 1 - enron shares renew plunge , drop to eight - year lows .  10 / 30 / 2001  reuters english news service  ( c ) reuters limited 2001 .  new york , oct 30 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . on tuesday dropped to eight - year lows , a day after the energy giant said it is seeking fresh credit and a rating agency cut some of the company ' s debt to two notches above junk status .  enron ' s stock plunged $ 2 . 56 , or more than 18 percent , to $ 11 . 25 in morning trading on the new york stock exchange . the shares have tumbled every day since oct . 16 , when north america ' s biggest marketer and trader of natural gas and power reported its first quarterly loss in more than four years .  the last time the shares traded below $ 12 was in january 1993 .  after cutting enron ' s senior unsecured debt rating on monday , moody ' s investors service warned it could lower the rating even further , as well as cut enron ' s short - term debt status .  also on monday , enron confirmed that it was seeking additional credit lines after tapping its $ 3 . 3 billion credit lines last week . however , the company declined to say how much it was asking its banks to extend .  houston - based enron has lost more than $ 15 billion in market capitalization in the past two weeks amid a series of disclosures about off - balance - sheet deals with partnerships run by a former chief financial officer .  shares have plummeted amid concerns about the transactions the securities and exchange commission said it was looking in to . in a move to bolster investor confidence , enron last week ousted the cfo linked to the transactions and named a new one .  when enron released its financial results two weeks ago , the company a day later said it was writing down shareholders ' equity by $ 1 . 2 billion , a move that surprised investors .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  usa : enron shares continue slide .  10 / 30 / 2001  reuters english news service  ( c ) reuters limited 2001 .  new york , oct 30 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . on tuesday dropped to their lowest level in more than eight years , a day after the energy giant said it was lobbying banks for a new credit line and a rating agency downgraded the company ' s senior unsecured debt to two notches above junk status .  enron ' s stock was down $ 1 . 06 , or 7 . 68 percent , to $ 12 . 75 , nearly an eight - year low , in early trading on the new york stock exchange . the last time the shares fell below $ 13 was in february 1993 .  after cutting enron ' s rating , moody ' s investors service warned that it could lower the rating even further , as well as cut enron ' s short - term debt status .  houston - based enron has lost about $ 15 billion in market capitalization amid a series of negative disclosures about off - balance - sheet deals with two partnerships . investors looking for answers have abandoned enron , which has firmly declined to provide details .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  stockwatch enron falls 18 pct on concerns about co ' s credit worthiness  10 / 30 / 2001  afx news  ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd  new york ( afx ) - shares of enron corp were sharply lower in afternoon trade , losing over 18 pct , on concern over the company ' s credit worthiness , a day after it said it is negotiating with banks for a new credit line and moody ' s investor service cut the company ' s senior unsecured long - term debt ratings , dealers said .  at 1 . 37 pm , shares of enron were trading 2 . 47 usd lower , or 18 . 18 pct , at 11 . 34 .  the djia fell 144 . 75 points to 9 , 124 . 75 , the s & p 500 lost 17 . 57 points to 1 , 060 . 83 , while the nasdaq composite declined 33 . 72 points to 1 , 665 . 75 .  on monday , moody ' s said it has lowered the senior unsecured long - term debt ratings of enron corp to baa 2 from baal following a deterioration in the company ' s financial flexibility since it announced significant writedowns as well as equity charges in previously undisclosed partnership investments .  the long - term debt ratings remain on review for further downgrade , moody ' s said .  in its third - quarter results two weeks ago , enron announced a charge of 1 . 01 bln usd , or 1 . 11 usd per share , and an incremental 1 . 2 bln usd reduction stockholders ' equity , related to the unwinding of investments with the ljm partnerships .  the securities and exchange commission requested the company to provide information on these related - party transactions days later . many analysts responded by cutting the shares ratings on concerns that dealings with the related ljm partnership , connected to its then chief financial officer , andrew fastow , may affect future earnings .  fastow was dismissed by enron ' s board last thursday for his involvement in running the ljm partnerships , in which enron had invested .  enron ' s heavy investments in water , broadband and international energy have come under significant pressure in the wake of the current economic deterioration .  following the company ' s third - quarter results , investors have been abandoning the stock in droves , worried that the valuation and credibility of enron ' s core business , merchant energy , is at risk . " the big bets that enron took on water and broadband were designed to overcome future limits to growth in its very successful energy merchant business and propel enron into a new league of company .  " the bets turned out to be too big , and regrouping after they failed is the root of the current confusion over enron ' s forward prospects , " said duane grubert , an analyst at bernstein .  while enron can survive on its own , its reputation and branding has been damaged , said grubert , noting that a partnership might be the best long term solution for the energy trader .  the major issue for the company is maintaining its credit worthiness on long - term investment grade rating of its debt .  " if that rating is lost , the merchant business will not be able to transact with its normal addressable market , and income is likely to shrink quickly . "  blms / lj for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  usa : u . s . stocks slump on big drop in consumer confidence .  by denise duclaux  10 / 30 / 2001  reuters english news service  ( c ) reuters limited 2001 .  new york , oct 30 ( reuters ) - stocks were rooted in negative ground at midday on tuesday as consumer confidence in october tumbled to its worst level in more than seven years after the deadly sept . 11 attacks left the nation reeling .  fragile consumer sentiment added just one more layer of apprehension to wall street . stocks began on a weak note amid dour outlooks from companies like software provider openwave systems inc . , concern that argentina will default on its $ 132 billion debt load and fear of more deadly attacks on the united states .  " the very weak consumer confidence numbers threw fuel on the fire , the market had already been sliding back from what had been fairly substantial gains , " said rick meckler , president of investment firm libertyview , which oversees $ 1 billion . " it just encouraged those people who had profits at all to take their profits now before the market is considerably lower . "  the blue - chip dow jones industrial average slumped 120 . 62 points , or 1 . 3 percent , to 9 , 148 . 88 , after falling 2 percent earlier . mcdonald ' s corp . , off $ 1 . 58 at $ 25 . 70 , dragged on the dow after the world ' s largest fast - food restaurant company projected 2002 earnings below wall street ' s forecasts .  the tech - laced nasdaq composite index fell 27 . 04 points , or 1 . 59 percent , to 1 , 672 . 48 , after dropping 3 percent . juniper networks inc . lost 27 cents to $ 23 . 73 after merrill lynch cut its rating on the network equipment maker after its shares more than doubled in the last month .  the broader standard & poor ' s 500 index lost 14 . 77 points , or 1 . 37 percent , at 1 , 063 . 53 . on monday , stocks suffered their steepest drop since the week after the sept . 11 attacks .  adding pressure to wall street , u . s . attorney general john ashcroft warned militants may be plotting new attacks on the united states at home and abroad in the next week .  stocks sank on monday after a rally last week stoked by hopes that lower interest rates and more tax cuts will revive the economy by 2002 . many economists are betting on an economic bounce next year , but they warn of grim news in the meantime .  " we are waiting for the economic news to indicate that the unprecedented levels of fiscal and monetary stimulus will have their desired impact , but it ' s going to be months before that can happen , " said tony dwyer , chief market strategist at kirlin securities . " it ' s going to be choppy . "  losers trounced winners on the new york stock exchange by a ratio of 5 to 2 and 7 to 3 on nasdaq . more than 630 million shares changed hands on the big board , and more than 930 million on nasdaq .  u . s . consumer confidence plummeted in october to its lowest in more than seven years as growing numbers of americans lost their jobs , according to a survey conducted after the sept . 11 attacks on the united states .  the conference board , a private business research group , said its index of consumer confidence plunged for a fourth straight month to 85 . 5 in october , its lowest since february 1994 .  the report , which was much worse than wall street expectations for a fall to 95 . 6 , said a rebound in confidence was not likely any time soon . fading consumer confidence could undermine consumer spending , which drives two - thirds of activity in an economy most believe is already in recession .  the third - quarter earnings reporting season is winding down , but wall street is girding for this week ' s heavy load of economic data . the data will include reports on jobs , manufacturing and third - quarter growth , which could point to a recession .  " the premise has been that sometime in the spring there will be an economic recovery , but now it ' s october and you can ' t play that game every day , " said larry wachtel , senior vice president at prudential securities . " all the news continues to be bad . when we were oversold , we were able to get over it . but now we are overbought and it ' s a struggle every day . "  ford motor co . , the world ' s second largest auto maker , shed 3 cent to $ 16 . 18 . the company ousted president and chief executive jacques nasser after more than a year of mounting troubles and will replace him with chairman william clay ford jr .  openwave systems inc . sank more than 21 percent , or $ 1 . 89 , to $ 7 . 10 . the communications software provider warned of disappointing results and was restructuring and slashing jobs .  enron corp . lost $ 2 . 57 to $ 11 . 24 , dipping below $ 12 for the first time since january 1993 . the energy giant is lobbying banks for a new credit line and a rating agency chopped enron ' s senior unsecured debt to two notches above junk status .  philip morris cos . inc . , the world ' s largest tobacco company , dropped $ 1 . 87 to $ 47 . 81 . investment house goldman sachs removed the dow component from its recommended list , saying profit growth is likely to slow at its domestic and international tobacco operations .  the stock of health insurer anthem inc . rose $ 4 . 56 to $ 40 . 56 in its debut on the nyse , boosting hopes for a recovery in the moribund market for initial public offerings .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  business  analyst report  david haffenreffer  10 / 30 / 2001  cnnfn : before hours  ( c ) copyright federal document clearing house . all rights reserved .  david haffenreffer , cnnfn anchor , before hours : welcome back . investors are watching for the next move from the nation ` s largest natural gas and power marketing company , enron ( url : http : / / . www . enron . com / ) . the battered energy trader attempting to establish credit lines . and moody ` s downgraded the company ` s credit rating to just a couple of notches above junk status . enron ` s stock , take a look at this , plunged more than 10 percent , that was just yesterday . it has lost about 50 percent over the past two weeks .  how are enron ` s woes affecting the natural gas market ? joining us now is robert collins , the president of the new york mercantile exchange . and welcome back to the program .  j . robert collins , president , nymex : thank you .  haffenreffer : certainly enron is very much involved in the trading of natural gas . and this has got to where which trades on the nymex . how have the levels , the of high levels , of certainty surrounding this companies current problems affected that ?  collins : well , any time that a company goes through a short term period of troubles , the industry surrounding that , that has an intricate layer of credit relationships , is concerned about their ability to be paid .  haffenreffer : but for people who don ` t know what enron does , what role do they play in the trading of natural gas futures ?  collins : well , they are a major counter - party in the natural gas industry in trading , selling and distributing natural gas . and so , they have an extensive network of credit relationship with virtually every natural gas company in the north american industry .  haffenreffer : are they involved , in some way , with almost every trade having to do with natural gas ? are they that big ?  collins : no . i wouldn ` t say that they ` re involved with every trade . they ` re involved in a substantial amount of trading through their electronic market making system . but , no , they ` re only a component of the market , and only do , perhaps , a percentage of what trades on the nymex .  haffenreffer : so when trading takes place , and it ` s very fast , there ` s a lot of money changing hands all the time . there ` s a lot of credit given to people trading and when a company like enron has got some liquidity problems , or just even fears of liquidity problems , that can affect people who do trades with them .  collins : yes . absolutely . it can cause people to retract from trading . it can cause disruptions in the natural flow of trading . it ` s not unlike the financial markets at all . when you have a serious credit concern .  haffenreffer : as result , the nymex is working at a faster clip to get a clearing service set up . is that right ? and explain what role will that have in easing people ` s fears .  collins : well , last night , the board approved offering a new service called over - the - counter clearing . we ` re extending it initially on our primary natural gas contract , the henry hub natural gas futures . what that does is allow counter - parties that perhaps may question each other ` s credit worthiness to place the trade on the exchange clearing mechanism . that ` s a network of 50 financial institutions and has aa credit standard .  haffenreffer : real quick . it ` s been about a month and a half since september 11 th .  collins : yes .  haffenreffer : are things back to normal ?  collins : i wouldn ` t say that they ` re back to normal . although every day gets a little better .  haffenreffer : all right . good to see you .  collins : thank you .  haffenreffer : bob collins , nymex president .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .  waiting for enron ' s bottom  by james j . cramer  realmoney . com  10 / 30 / 2001 09 : 17 am est  url :  you want to know when you can buy enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) ? it will have nothing to do with the fundamentals . i ' m pretty sure that the investment banks will do whatever is necessary to keep this oil and gas version of long term capital management , the hedge fund that blew up , in business , if only because it was everybody ' s best client .  these days , though , when concentration of holdings among mutual funds is still the rage , as idiotic as it is , all you need to know about enron ' s bottoming is when janus is done selling it . janus ' aggressive buying - - the fund owned 50 million shares of this thing not long ago , which is a staggering concentration - - moved the stock up to begin with .  my sources indicate that janus has been dumping the stock . i don ' t think you can possibly make a decision whether to buy it without knowing when janus is done . that ' s the key material fact , not whether enron gets the credit line .  the game wasn ' t always like this . other than ken heebner in the ' 80 s , most mutual fund managers didn ' t try to be bigger than the market . they didn ' t try to move up stocks by buying . and they certainly didn ' t wreck stocks on the go out .  ah , but the years 2000 and 2001 have brought about a different paradigm . when these mutual funds dump , they dump terribly and really damage the stock , which then damages the company , which then damages the company ' s credit , which then further damages the stock again . it is a really vicious circle that starts with the selling by the funds that created the darling .  i wouldn ' t touch this stock unless i knew that janus was done selling . of course , that will be a big secret , because janus sure isn ' t going to tell you , and the broker isn ' t going to tell you . i have had brokers on the sly tell me when these folks have finished , but i fear that janus will finish with one broker then just go to another , as that is also their " style " of trading . i put quote marks on style because the reality is that a " style " would mean they know how to trade out of a big position , and these folks really don ' t .  of course , what they should have done is gotten a bid for 50 million shares down two or three points rather than play this drib and drab game . but they never did learn to sell at that shop , which is another reason why you can ' t do business with them now that the market is no longer straight - up .  so there really will be no way of knowing until you see the volume of this stock rise and the stock itself start going up . for those of you who believe enron will make it , it ' s best to miss the first two points just to be sure janus is done . i will keep my eyes out for you , too .  we ' ll spot the bottom , if there is one , together .  random musings : think you are a good trader ? think you can trade with the big boys ? think you want to be able to catch on with a hedge fund ? want to pick up five g ' s in the interim ? ok , then , enter our trading contest . that ' s right , we have a contest where there ' s real money on the line once you have entered it , real prize money . this could be the test , the verified test , you need to show guys like berko , my old partner , that you know how to trade to make money . i can ' t tell you how valuable that validation can be for your career .  and you get paid to boot !  sign up here for the contest . i do hope you join .  germany : german watchdog may sue firms over power charges .  by claire - louise isted  10 / 30 / 2001  reuters english news service  ( c ) reuters limited 2001 .  frankfurt , oct 30 ( reuters ) - germany ' s cartel office said on tuesday it would take legal action against four utilities if they did not change the way they charge competitors for power used to keep the grid in balance .  " we have to wait for the reaction of the four companies to see if they will change their accounting system so that they do not hinder other competitiors , " cartel office spokesman stefan siebert told reuters .  " if they don ' t do that , then ultimately we could issue an injunction to force them to do so . "  the competition authority said earlier in a statement it had received complaints that grid operators bewag ( bklg . de , enbw , hew and veag that the four firms " charge their competitors unreasonable and partly fictitious costs " for balancing energy .  german grid operators have sole control over the purchase and sale of such power in their grid areas , which they control by temporarily switching on and off their power plants . this poses a potential threat to other power suppliers .  " new entrants to the german market , such as london ' s enron capital & resources and hamburg ' s lichtblick , because of their small customer portfolios , cannot balance unplanned amounts of power withdrawn as well as the big utilitiy groups can , " the statement said .  " consequently they have a greater need for balancing energy ( and ) are threatened with the considerable burden of unreasonable prices for it . "  the four utilities have argued that the accounting system they use for balancing energy corresponds to guidelines in the country ' s association agreement ( vv 2 ) , which is due to be modified by next year .  " illegal cartel conduct cannot be justified through the association agreement , " said cartel office president ulf boege in the statement .  " references to the agreement show rather that there is an urgent need for action in vv 2 , which is currently being modified , to develop regulations on the accounting of balancing energy that conform with cartel law , " he added .  utilities rwe and e . on have introduced an auction system for their balancing energy needs to provide a market to other potential generators , as a condition of their respective mergers last year .  rwe net ' s regulating power manager klaus albers said last week that the system it introduced in april , which is based on a cartel office model , had not so far produced the lower prices it was designed to .  he said he expected all grid operators to introduce a market for their balancing energy needs within two years .  copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved .
HAM Subject: power market research  this piece from deutsche bank is good macro overview of electricity supply / demand fundamentals . a little on the long side - 78 pages , but has some good discussion on nerc ( north american electric reliability council regions ) , beginning on page 15 .
HAM Subject: fundamental operating standards  i just looked over your draft of the fundamental operating standards again .  i think they are very good and i am just worried about completeness ( what are  we missing ) . one thing that occurs to me is logistics and somehow  reconciling planned physical activity to scheduled activity to actual  recorded and settled activity . is this covered somehow ? ? hope all is well .
HAM Subject: timelines and restart issues  all ,  louise has asked me to coordinate across all departments on the enron side for the integration with ubs and to be the point contact for the person who is leading the ubs side of the integration .  accordingly , please send me your launch timetable and top issues lists .  thanks ,  dave
HAM Subject: burlington letter  here is the alternate language .
HAM Subject: power markets 2002 april 17 - 18 , las vegas - early bird special !  power markets 2002 : risk and reward  april 17 - 18 , 2002 o excalibur hotel o las vegas , nv  click here to download a complete conference brochure :  we will see record numbers of new powerplants coming on line this year . new , much larger rtos promise dramatic increases in liquidity . the enron fallout will continue to force balance sheet improvements - - perhaps more mergers and acquisitions . price volatility will continue , and risk management techniques will continue to be honed .  topics include  transmission and rtos  representatives from pjm , cal iso and midwest iso on their respective regions .  insurance  scott ettien from ncm , lynda clemmons from element re and pat toner goudarzi  from ace , on credit insurance , weather - risk insurance and innovative insurance products , respectively  exchanges  monte simpson of intercontinental exchange and brad leach of nymex on the  growth in the use of exchanges .  credit  susan abbott of moody ' s on evolving credit standards in our industry  markets  kevin t . howell of dominion , dave freeman of panda and mike young of aquila on the state of various aspects of the power markets .  and more !  cabell poindexter of wyndham mills on job prospects ! john obrien of skipping stone on the outlook for transmission ! henwood on outlook for powerplant construction ! adrian palmer of caminus corp on european markets !  featuring experts from :  dominion energy  panda energy  aquila , inc .  moody ' s investor services  skipping stone  nymex  california iso  intercontinental energy exchange  ncm americas  henwood energy services  element re  caminus corporation  wyndham mills international  fundamentals of power marketing : april 16  on april 16 , scott spiewak will be repeating his " fundamentals of power marketing " preconference seminar . essential for the new industry participant , it is also a valuable overview for the industry professional .  click here to download a complete conference brochure :  this email has been sent to michelle . lokay @ enron . com ,  by powermarketers . com .  visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe .  view our privacy policy : http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / ccprivacypolicy . jsp  powered by  constant contact ( r )  www . constantcontact . com
HAM Subject: webi proposal  vince : per your request , i am forwarding the electronic version of the webi  proposal . as i mentioned to you yesterday , jeff shankman has procured funding  for enron to join at the corporate partner level , so you may wish to discuss  the matter with him prior to circulating this document . this funding is in  addition to that which you and christie have already committed to other  research and sponsorship activities at the school .  please let me know if i can be of any further help . i look forward to seeing  you again soon .  by the way , i cast my vote on time and with no confusion ; let ' s hope the  outcome is as we hoped it would be .  tom >  - webi proposal complete 5 - 26 . doc
HAM Subject: enrononline mentions , 16 . 11 . 01  please click on the link below to view the articles below : - 1 . energy 2 . energy 3 . energy 4 . energy  16 - nov - 2001 the essence of e - commerce energy & power risk management 108392
HAM Subject: 2 q soft metrics  hi louise ,  please let me know if you have any questions !
HAM Subject: re : basin production from ga 213  bob ,  as mentioned earlier , houston exploration is also delivering gas to us at  this meter . the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be  created and entered into sitara based on the following :  counterparty meter volumes price period  houston exploration 9696 8000 mmbtu / d 100 % gd less $ 0 . 16 2 / 1 - 2 / 28  fyi , i will create and submit a committed reserves firm ticket if and when  the gas buyer terms the deal up . additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal  and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the  gathering contract .  thanks ,  vlt  x 3 - 6353  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 02 / 09 / 2001  02 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : robert cotten 01 / 26 / 2001 08 : 47 am  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : basin production from ga 213  daren / vance ,  deal # 586954 has been created and entered in sitara :  date meter # volume price  2 / 1 / 01 - 2 / 28 / 01 9696 5 , 000 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 16  bob  daren j farmer  01 / 26 / 2001 08 : 25 am  to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : basin production from ga 213  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 01 / 26 / 2001  08 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  vance l taylor  01 / 25 / 2001 01 : 58 pm  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect  cc : john peyton / hou / ect @ ect  subject : re : basin production from ga 213  daren ,  i ' ve just received word from basin to bring production on sometime today or  tomorrow ( they expect to get up to b / t 10 , 000 - 15 , 000 d ) ; if our facility  planning engineer determines that we can take the gas , then it will flow for  all of february and be priced at 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 16 .  vlt  daren j farmer  01 / 25 / 2001 01 : 47 pm  to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect  cc :  subject : re : basin production from ga 213  i need for you , or the producer services group , to determine if you think the  gas will flow for the month and at what price . i will use your decision for  our bidweek postion .  d  vance l taylor  01 / 25 / 2001 11 : 53 am  to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect  cc : susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect  subject : basin production from ga 213  fyi ,  how would you want to handle for february nomination ?  vlt  x 3 - 6353  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 01 / 25 / 2001  11 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  enron north america corp .  from : brad blevins 01 / 25 / 2001 10 : 56 am  to : john peyton / hou / ect @ ect  cc : nick cocavessis / corp / enron @ enron , steve - hpl - schneider / hou / ect @ ect , pat  flavin / gco / enron @ enron , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , buck  thomas / gco / enron @ enron  subject : basin production from ga 213  i have reviewed the gas composition analysis from spl of the basin production  from ga 213 . while spl ' s analysis does show a dewpoint of around 20 degrees  f at 400 psig , it is both my and john handley ' s opinion that the gas from the  wellbore had stratified by the time that this sample was taken . we expect  the dewpoint of the flowing gas to be higher . however , this was the best  sample that could be obtained at the time . we have conferred with steve  schneider and we are willing to take this gas on a conditional basis over the  next couple of days . once the 6 " line has been pigged , the production flows  stablilized and mitchell ' s conditioning equipment lined out over the next  couple of days , hms will need to take another sample at the meter run and  have spl run an extended analysis with a dewpoint curve on an expedited  basis . should this sample indicate a dewpoint over 45 degrees f , then this  production will be shut in again until hydrocarbon dewpoint conditioning  equipment has been installed . in the meantime , hms needs to keep a close  watch on all southern union city gates on galveston island to monitor for  liquids fallout .
